{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f62\fbidi \fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1328\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f1329\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f1331\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f1332\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f1333\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f1334\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f1335\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f1336\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f1668\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f1669\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}{\f1671\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f1672\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}
{\f1675\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f1676\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}{\f1948\fbidi \fscript\fcharset238\fprq2 Comic Sans MS CE;}{\f1949\fbidi \fscript\fcharset204\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Cyr;}
{\f1951\fbidi \fscript\fcharset161\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Greek;}{\f1952\fbidi \fscript\fcharset162\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Tur;}{\f1955\fbidi \fscript\fcharset186\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs22\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7281916\rsid12780011}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1
\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Sandeep Pandilla}{\creatim\yr2023\mo8\dy13\hr12\min58}{\revtim\yr2023\mo8\dy13\hr13\min14}{\version2}{\edmins16}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords4868}{\nofchars27750}{\nofcharsws32553}
{\vern77}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale58\rsidroot7281916 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7281916 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs96 \ltrch\fcs0 \f62\fs96\insrsid7281916\charrsid7281916 \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 I
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
What is the problem we wish to solve when we try to construct a rational economic order? On certain familiar assumptions the answer is simple enough. If we possess all the relevant information, if we can start out from a given system of preferences, and i
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 f\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 we command complete knowledge of available means, the problem which remains is purely one of logic. That is, the answer to the question of what is the best use of the available means is implicit in our assumptions. The conditions which the solution of th
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 i\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
s optimum problem must satisfy have been fully worked out and can be stated best in mathematical form: put at their briefest, they are that the marginal rates of substitution between any two commodities or factors must be the same in all their different u
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 s\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 es.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
This, however, is emphatically not the economic problem which society faces. And the economic calculus which we have developed to solve this logical problem, though an important step toward the solution of the economic problem of society, does not yet
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 provide an answer to it. The reason for this is that the "data" from which the economic calculus starts are never for the whole society "given" to a single mind which could work out the implications and can never be so given.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 The peculiar character of th\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
e problem of a rational economic order is determined precisely by the fact that the knowledge of the circumstances of which we must make use never exists in concentrated or integrated form but solely as the dispersed bits of incomplete and frequently cont
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 r\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 adictory knowledge which all the separate individuals possess. The economic problem of society is thus not merely a problem of how to allocate "given" resources\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
if "given" is taken to mean given to a single mind which deliberately solves the problem set b\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 y\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 these "data." It is rather a problem of how to secure the best use of resources known to any of the members of society, for ends whose relative importance only these individuals know. Or, to put it briefly, it is a problem of the utilization of knowledge
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 which is not given to anyone in its totality.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 This character of the fundamental problem has, I am afraid, been obscured rather than illuminated by many of the recent refinements of economic theory, particularly by many of the uses made of mathematics. Tho
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ugh the problem with which I want primarily to deal in this paper is the problem of a rational economic organization, I shall in its course be led again and again to point to its close connections with certain methodological questions. Many of the points 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 I\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 wish to make are indeed conclusions toward which diverse paths of reasoning have unexpectedly converged. But, as I now see these problems, this is no accident. It seems to me that many of the current disputes with regard to both economic theory and econo
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 m\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ic policy have their common origin in a misconception about the nature of the economic problem of society. This misconception in turn is due to an erroneous transfer to social phenomena of the habits of thought we have developed in dealing with the phenom
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 e\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 na of nature.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 II
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
In ordinary language we describe by the word "planning" the complex of interrelated decisions about the allocation of our available resources. All economic activity is in this sense planning; and in any society in which many people collab
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
orate, this planning, whoever does it, will in some measure have to be based on knowledge which, in the first instance, is not given to the planner but to somebody else, which somehow will have to be conveyed to the planner. The various ways in which the 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 k\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
nowledge on which people base their plans is communicated to them is the crucial problem for any theory explaining the economic process, and the problem of what is the best way of utilizing knowledge initially dispersed among all the people is at least on
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 e\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  of the main problems of economic policy\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 or of designing an efficient economic system.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 The answer to this question is closely connected with that other question which arises here, that of who is to do the planning. It is about this question that all the d\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ispute about "economic planning" centers. This is not a dispute about whether planning is to be done or not. It is a dispute as to whether planning is to be done centrally, by one authority for the whole economic system, or is to be divided among many ind
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 i\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 viduals. Planning in the specific sense in which the term is used in contemporary controversy necessarily means central planning\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
direction of the whole economic system according to one unified plan. Competition, on the other hand, means decentralized plan\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 n\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ing by many separate persons. The halfway house between the two, about which many people talk but which few like when they see it, is the delegation of planning to organized industries, or, in other words, monopoly.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 Which of these systems is likely to be \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
more efficient depends mainly on the question under which of them we can expect that fuller use will be made of the existing knowledge. And this, in turn, depends on whether we are more likely to succeed in putting at the disposal of a single central auth
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 o\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
rity all the knowledge which ought to be used but which is initially dispersed among many different individuals, or in conveying to the individuals such additional knowledge as they need in order to enable them to fit their plans with those of others.

\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 III
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
It will at once be evident that on this point the position will be different with respect to different kinds of knowledge; and the answer to our question will therefore largely turn on the relative importance of the different kinds of knowledge; those mor
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
e likely to be at the disposal of particular individuals and those which we should with greater confidence expect to find in the possession of an authority made up of suitably chosen experts. If it is today so widely assumed that the latter will be in a b
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 e\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
tter position, this is because one kind of knowledge, namely, scientific knowledge, occupies now so prominent a place in public imagination that we tend to forget that it is not the only kind that is relevant. It may be admitted that, as far as scientific
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 knowledge is concerned, a body of suitably chosen experts may be in the best position to command all the best knowledge available\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
though this is of course merely shifting the difficulty to the problem of selecting the experts. What I wish to point out is \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 t\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
hat, even assuming that this problem can be readily solved, it is only a small part of the wider problem.
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 Today it is almost heresy to suggest that scientific knowledge is not the sum of all knowledge. But a little reflection will show that there is bey\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ond question a body of very important but unorganized knowledge which cannot possibly be called scientific in the sense of knowledge of general rules: the knowledge of the particular circumstances of time and place. It is with respect to this that practic
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 a\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 \hich\f62 
lly every individual has some advantage over all others because he possesses unique information of which beneficial use might be made, but of which use can be made only if the decisions depending on it are left to him or are made with his active co\'f6
\loch\f62 perati\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 o\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
n. We need to remember only how much we have to learn in any occupation after we have completed our theoretical training, how big a part of our working life we spend learning particular jobs, and how valuable an asset in all walks of life is knowledge of 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 p\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
eople, of local conditions, and of special circumstances. To know of and put to use a machine not fully employed, or somebody's skill which could be better utilized, or to be aware of a surplus stock which can be drawn upon during an interruption of suppl
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 i\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
es, is socially quite as useful as the knowledge of better alternative techniques. And the shipper who earns his living from using otherwise empty or half-filled journeys of tramp-steamers, or the estate agent whose whole knowledge is almost exclusively o
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 n\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
e of temporary opportunities, or the arbitrageur who gains from local differences of commodity prices, are all performing eminently useful functions based on special knowledge of circumstances of the fleeting moment not known to others.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 It is a curious\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 fact that this sort of knowledge should today be generally regarded with a kind of contempt and that anyone who by such knowledge gains an advantage over somebody better equipped with theoretical or technical knowledge is thought to have acted almost dis
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 r\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
eputably. To gain an advantage from better knowledge of facilities of communication or transport is sometimes regarded as almost dishonest, although it is quite as important that society make use of the best opportunities in this respect as in using the l
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 a\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
test scientific discoveries. This prejudice has in a considerable measure affected the attitude toward commerce in general compared with that toward production. Even economists who regard themselves as definitely immune to the crude materialist fallacies 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 o\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 f the past constantly commit the same mistake where activities directed toward the acquisition of such practical knowledge are concerned\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
apparently because in their scheme of things all such knowledge is supposed to be "given." The common idea now seems t\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 o\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 be that all such knowledge should as a matter of course be readily at the command of everybody, and the reproach of irrationality leveled against the existing economic order is frequently based on the fact that it is not so available. This view disregard
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 s\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  the fact that the method by which such knowledge can be made as widely available as possible is precisely the problem to which we have to find an answer.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 IV
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  If it is fashionable today to minimize the importance of the knowledge of the particular circums\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
tances of time and place, this is closely connected with the smaller importance which is now attached to change as such. Indeed, there are few points on which the assumptions made (usually only implicitly) by the "planners" differ from those of their oppo
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 n\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ents as much as with regard to the significance and frequency of changes which will make substantial alterations of production plans necessary. Of course, if detailed economic plans could be laid down for fairly long periods in advance and then closely ad
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 h\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 ered to, so that no further economic decisions of importance would be required, the task of drawing up a comprehensive plan governing all economic activity would be much less formidable.

\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 It is, perhaps, worth stressing that economic problems arise always \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
and only in consequence of change. So long as things continue as before, or at least as they were expected to, there arise no new problems requiring a decision, no need to form a new plan. The belief that changes, or at least day-to-day adjustments, have 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 b\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ecome less important in modern times implies the contention that economic problems also have become less important. This belief in the decreasing importance of change is, for that reason, usually held by the same people who argue that the importance of ec
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 o\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 nomic considerations has been driven into the background by the growing importance of technological knowledge.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
Is it true that, with the elaborate apparatus of modern production, economic decisions are required only at long intervals, as when a new factory is to be erected or a new process to be introduced? Is it true that, once a plant has been built, the rest is
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 all more or less mechanical, determined by the character of the plant, and leaving little to be changed in adapting to the ever-changing circumstances of the moment?
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 The fairly widespread belief in the affirmative is not, as far as I can ascertain, borne \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 out by the practical experience of the businessman. In a competitive industry at any rate\hich\f62 
\emdash \loch\f62 and such an industry alone can serve as a test\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 the task of keeping cost from rising requires constant struggle, absorbing a great part of the energy of the manager. \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 H
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ow easy it is for an inefficient manager to dissipate the differentials on which profitability rests, and that it is possible, with the same technical facilities, to produce with a great variety of costs, are among the commonplaces of business experience 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 w\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
hich do not seem to be equally familiar in the study of the economist. The very strength of the desire, constantly voiced by producers and engineers, to be allowed to proceed untrammeled by considerations of money costs, is eloquent testimony to the exten
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 t\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  to which these factors enter into their daily work. 
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 One reason why economists are increasingly apt to forget about the constant small changes which make up the whole economic picture is probably their growing preoccupation with statistical aggregates, w
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 hich show a very much greater stability than the movements of the detail. The comparative stability of the aggregates cannot, however, be accounted for\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
as the statisticians occasionally seem to be inclined to do\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 by the "law of large numbers" or the mutual\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
compensation of random changes. The number of elements with which we have to deal is not large enough for such accidental forces to produce stability. The continuous flow of goods and services is maintained by constant deliberate adjustments, by new dispo
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 s\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
itions made every day in the light of circumstances not known the day before, by B stepping in at once when A fails to deliver. Even the large and highly mechanized plant keeps going largely because of an environment upon which it can draw for all sorts o
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 f\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 unexpected needs; tiles for its roof, stationery for its forms, and all the thousand and one kinds of equipment in which it cannot be self-contained and which the plans for the operation of the plant require to be readily available in the market.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 This is\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
, perhaps, also the point where I should briefly mention the fact that the sort of knowledge with which I have been concerned is knowledge of the kind which by its nature cannot enter into statistics and therefore cannot be conveyed to any central authori
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 t\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
y in statistical form. The statistics which such a central authority would have to use would have to be arrived at precisely by abstracting from minor differences between the things, by lumping together, as resources of one kind, items which differ as reg
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 a\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
rds location, quality, and other particulars, in a way which may be very significant for the specific decision. It follows from this that central planning based on statistical information by its nature cannot take direct account of these circumstances of 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 t\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 ime and place and that the central planner will have to find some way or other in which the decisions depending on them can be left to the "man on the spot."
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 V
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 If we can agree that the economic problem of society is mainly one of rapid adaptation to chang\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
es in the particular circumstances of time and place, it would seem to follow that the ultimate decisions must be left to the people who are familiar with these circumstances, who know directly of the relevant changes and of the resources immediately avai
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 l\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
able to meet them. We cannot expect that this problem will be solved by first communicating all this knowledge to a central board which, after integrating all knowledge, issues its orders. We must solve it by some form of decentralization. But this answer
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 s\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 only part of our problem. We need decentralization because only thus can we insure that the knowledge of the particular circumstances of time and place will be promptly used. But the "man on the spot" cannot decide solely on the basis of his limited but 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 i\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ntimate knowledge of the facts of his immediate surroundings. There still remains the problem of communicating to him such further information as he needs to fit his decisions into the whole pattern of changes of the larger economic system.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 How much knowl\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
edge does he need to do so successfully? Which of the events which happen beyond the horizon of his immediate knowledge are of relevance to his immediate decision, and how much of them need he know?
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 There is hardly anything that happens anywhere in the wo\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
rld that might not have an effect on the decision he ought to make. But he need not know of these events as such, nor of all their effects. It does not matter for him why at the particular moment more screws of one size than of another are wanted,why pape
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 r\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 bags are more readily available than canvas bags, or why skilled labor, or particular machine tools, have for the moment become more difficult to obtain. All that is significant for him is how much more or less difficult to procure they have become compa
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 r\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ed with other things with which he is also concerned, or how much more or less urgently wanted are the alternative things he produces or uses. It is always a question of the relative importance of the particular things with which he is concerned, and the 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 c\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 auses which alter their relative importance are of no interest to him beyond the effect on those concrete things of his own environment.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  It is in this connection that what I have called the "economic calculus" proper helps us, at least by analogy, to see\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 how this problem can be solved, and in fact is being solved, by the price system. Even the single controlling mind, in possession of all the data for some small, self-contained economic system, would not\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
every time some small adjustment in the allocation\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 of resources had to be made\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
go explicitly through all the relations between ends and means which might possibly be affected. It is indeed the great contribution of the pure logic of choice that it has demonstrated conclusively that even such a single mind
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
could solve this kind of problem only by constructing and constantly using rates of equivalence (or "values," or "marginal rates of substitution"),i.e., by attaching to each kind of scarce resource a numerical index which cannot be derived from any proper
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 t\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
y possessed by that particular thing, but which reflects, or in which is condensed, its significance in view of the whole means-end structure. In any small change he will have to consider only these quantitative indices (or "values") in which all the rele
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 v\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ant information is concentrated; and, by adjusting the quantities one by one, he can appropriately rearrange his dispositions without having to solve the whole puzzle ab initio or without needing at any stage to survey it at once in all its ramifications.

\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 \hich\f62 Fundamentally, in a system in which the knowledge of the relevant facts is dispersed among many people, prices can act to co\'f6\loch\f62 \hich\f62 
rdinate the separate actions of different people in the same way as subjective values help the individual to co\'f6\loch\f62 rdinate the parts \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
of his plan. It is worth contemplating for a moment a very simple and commonplace instance of the action of the price system to see what precisely it accomplishes. Assume that somewhere in the world a new opportunity for the use of some raw material, say,
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 tin, has arisen, or that one of the sources of supply of tin has been eliminated. It does not matter for our purpose\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
and it is very significant that it does not matter\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 which of these two causes has made tin more scarce. All that the users of tin need to k\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 n\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ow is that some of the tin they used to consume is now more profitably employed elsewhere and that, in consequence, they must economize tin. There is no need for the great majority of them even to know where the more urgent need has arisen, or in favor of
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
what other needs they ought to husband the supply. If only some of them know directly of the new demand, and switch resources over to it, and if the people who are aware of the new gap thus created in turn fill it from still other sources, the effect will
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
rapidly spread throughout the whole economic system and influence not only all the uses of tin but also those of its substitutes and the substitutes of these substitutes, the supply of all the things made of tin, and their substitutes, and so on; and all 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 t\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
his without the great majority of those instrumental in bringing about these substitutions knowing anything at all about the original cause of these changes. The whole acts as one market, not because any of its members survey the whole field, but because 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 t\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
heir limited individual fields of vision sufficiently overlap so that through many intermediaries the relevant information is communicated to all. The mere fact that there is one price for any commodity\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
or rather that local prices are connected in a manne\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 r\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  determined by the cost of transport, etc.\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
brings about the solution which (it is just conceptually possible) might have been arrived at by one single mind possessing all the information which is in fact dispersed among all the people involved in the proc\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 e
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 ss.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 VI
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 We must look at the price system as such a mechanism for communicating information if we want to understand its real function\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
a function which, of course, it fulfils less perfectly as prices grow more rigid. (Even when quoted prices have become qui\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
te rigid, however, the forces which would operate through changes in price still operate to a considerable extent through changes in the other terms of the contract.) The most significant fact about this system is the economy of knowledge with which it op
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 e\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
rates, or how little the individual participants need to know in order to be able to take the right action. In abbreviated form, by a kind of symbol, only the most essential information is passed on and passed on only to those concerned. It is more than a
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
metaphor to describe the price system as a kind of machinery for registering change, or a system of telecommunications which enables individual producers to watch merely the movement of a few pointers, as an engineer might watch the hands of a few dials, 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 i\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 n order to adjust their activities to changes of which they may never know more than is reflected in the price movement.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 Of course, these adjustments are probably never "perfect" in the sense in which the economist conceives of them in his equilibrium ana\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
lysis. But I fear that our theoretical habits of approaching the problem with the assumption of more or less perfect knowledge on the part of almost everyone has made us somewhat blind to the true function of the price mechanism and led us to apply rather
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
misleading standards in judging its efficiency. The marvel is that in a case like that of a scarcity of one raw material, without an order being issued, without more than perhaps a handful of people knowing the cause, tens of thousands of people whose ide
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 n\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
tity could not be ascertained by months of investigation, are made to use the material or its products more sparingly; i.e., they move in the right direction. This is enough of a marvel even if, in a constantly changing world, not all will hit it off so p
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 e\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 rfectly that their profit rates will always be maintained at the same constant or "normal" level.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 I have deliberately used the word "marvel" to shock the reader out of the complacency with which we often take the working of this mechanism for granted. I a\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
m convinced that if it were the result of deliberate human design, and if the people guided by the price changes understood that their decisions have significance far beyond their immediate aim, this mechanism would have been acclaimed as one of the great
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 e\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
st triumphs of the human mind. Its misfortune is the double one that it is not the product of human design and that the people guided by it usually do not know why they are made to do what they do. But those who clamor for "conscious direction"\hich\f62 
\emdash \loch\f62 and who ca\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 n\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
not believe that anything which has evolved without design (and even without our understanding it) should solve problems which we should not be able to solve consciously\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
should remember this: The problem is precisely how to extend the span of our utilizat\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 i\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
on of resources beyond the span of the control of any one mind; and therefore, how to dispense with the need of conscious control, and how to provide inducements which will make the individuals do the desirable things without anyone having to tell them wh
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 a\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 t to do.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
The problem which we meet here is by no means peculiar to economics but arises in connection with nearly all truly social phenomena, with language and with most of our cultural inheritance, and constitutes really the central theoretical problem o
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
f all social science. As Alfred Whitehead has said in another connection, "It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate the habit of thinking what we are doin
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 g\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 . The precise opposite is the case. Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them." 
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
This is of profound significance in the social field. We make constant use of formulas, symbols, and rules whose meaning we do not understand and through the use of which we avail ourselves of the assistance of knowledge which individually we do not posse
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 s\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
s. We have developed these practices and institutions by building upon habits and institutions which have proved successful in their own sphere and which have in turn become the foundation of the civilization we have built up.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 The price system is just one\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 \hich\f62 
 of those formations which man has learned to use (though he is still very far from having learned to make the best use of it) after he had stumbled upon it without understanding it. Through it not only a division of labor but also a co\'f6\loch\f62 
rdinated utilizati\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 o\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
n of resources based on an equally divided knowledge has become possible. The people who like to deride any suggestion that this may be so usually distort the argument by insinuating that it asserts that by some miracle just that sort of system has sponta
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 n\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
eously grown up which is best suited to modern civilization. It is the other way round: man has been able to develop that division of labor on which our civilization is based because he happened to stumble upon a method which made it possible. Had he not 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 d\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
one so, he might still have developed some other, altogether different, type of civilization, something like the "state" of the termite ants, or some other altogether unimaginable type. All that we can say is that nobody has yet succeeded in designing an 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 a\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 lternative system in which certain features of the existing one can be preserved which are dear even to those who most violently assail it\hich\f62 \emdash \loch\f62 
such as particularly the extent to which the individual can choose his pursuits and consequently freely use his own \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 k\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 nowledge and skill.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 VII
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
It is in many ways fortunate that the dispute about the indispensability of the price system for any rational calculation in a complex society is now no longer conducted entirely between camps holding different political views. The
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 thesis that without the price system we could not preserve a society based on such extensive division of labor as ours was greeted with a howl of derision when it was first advanced by von Mises twenty-five years ago. Today the difficulties which some st
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 i\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
ll find in accepting it are no longer mainly political, and this makes for an atmosphere much more conducive to reasonable discussion. When we find Leon Trotsky arguing that "economic accounting is unthinkable without market relations"; when Professor Osc
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 a\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
r Lange promises Professor von Mises a statue in the marble halls of the future Central Planning Board; and when Professor Abba P. Lerner rediscovers Adam Smith and emphasizes that the essential utility of the price system consists in inducing the individ
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 u\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
al, while seeking his own interest, to do what is in the general interest, the differences can indeed no longer be ascribed to political prejudice. The remaining dissent seems clearly to be due to purely intellectual, and more particularly methodological,
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 differences.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
A recent statement by Professor Joseph Schumpeter in his Capitalism, Socialism, and Democracy provides a clear illustration of one of the methodological differences which I have in mind. Its author is pre-eminent among those economists who ap
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
proach economic phenomena in the light of a certain branch of positivism. To him these phenomena accordingly appear as objectively given quantities of commodities impinging directly upon each other, almost, it would seem, without any intervention of human
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
minds. Only against this background can I account for the following (to me startling) pronouncement. Professor Schumpeter argues that the possibility of a rational calculation in the absence of markets for the factors of production follows for the theoris
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 t\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 "from the elementary proposition that consumers in evaluating ('demanding') consumers' goods ipso facto also evaluate the means of production which enter into the production of these goods." [1]
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 Taken literally, this statement is simply untrue. The consu\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
mers do nothing of the kind. What Professor Schumpeter's"ipso facto" presumably means is that the valuation of the factors of production is implied in, or follows necessarily from, the valuation of consumers' goods. But this, too, is not correct. Implicat
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 i\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
on is a logical relationship which can be meaningfully asserted only of propositions simultaneously present to one and the same mind. It is evident, however, that the values of the factors of production do not depend solely on the valuation of the consume
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 r\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
s' goods but also on the conditions of supply of the various factors of production. Only to a mind to which all these facts were simultaneously known would the answer necessarily follow from the facts given to it. The practical problem, however, arises pr
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 e\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
cisely because these facts are never so given to a single mind, and because, in consequence, it is necessary that in the solution of the problem knowledge should be used that is dispersed among many people.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 The problem is thus in no way solved if we can s\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
how that all the facts, if they were known to a single mind (as we hypothetically assume them to be given to the observing economist), would uniquely determine the solution; instead we must show how a solution is produced by the interactions of people eac
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 h\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
 of whom possesses only partial knowledge. To assume all the knowledge to be given to a single mind in the same manner in which we assume it to be given to us as the explaining economists is to assume the problem away and to disregard everything that is i
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 m\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 portant and significant in the real world.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 That an economist of Professor Schumpeter's standing should thus have fallen into a trap which the ambiguity of the term "datum" sets to the unwary can hardly be explained as a simple error. It suggests rather th
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
at there is something fundamentally wrong with an approach which habitually disregards an essential part of the phenomena with which we have to deal: the unavoidable imperfection of man's knowledge and the consequent need for a process by which knowledge 
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 i\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
s constantly communicated and acquired. Any approach, such as that of much of mathematical economics with its simultaneous equations, which in effect starts from the assumption that people's knowledge corresponds with the objective facts of the situation,
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62  \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
systematically leaves out what is our main task to explain. I am far from denying that in our system equilibrium analysis has a useful function to perform. But when it comes to the point where it misleads some of our leading thinkers into believing that t
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 h\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
e situation which it describes has direct relevance to the solution of practical problems, it is high time that we remember that it does not deal with the social process at all and that it is no more than a useful preliminary to the study of the main prob
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 l\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 em.
\par 
\par \hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
[1]  J. Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism, and Democracy (New York; Harper, 1942), p. 175. Professor Schumpeter is, I believe, also the original author of the myth that Pareto and Barone have "solved" the problem of socialist calculation. What they, a
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
nd many others, did was merely to state the conditions which a rational allocation of resources would have to satisfy and to point out that these were essentially the same as the conditions of equilibrium of a competitive market. This is something altoget
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 h\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
er different from knowing how the allocation of resources satisfying these conditions can be found in practice. Pareto himself (from whom Barone has taken practically everything he has to say), far from claiming to have solved the practical problem, in fa
\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 c\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 \hich\f62 t explicitly denies that it can be solved without the help of the market. See his Manuel d'\'e9\loch\f62 
conomie pure (2d ed., 1927), pp. 233-34. The relevant passage is quoted in an English translation at the beginning of my article on "Socialist Calculation: The Com\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 p\hich\af62\dbch\af31505\loch\f62 
etitive 'Solution,' " in Economica, New Series, Vol. VIII, No. 26 (May, 1940), p. 125.
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs96 \ltrch\fcs0 \f62\fs96\insrsid12780011\charrsid7281916 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax376\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Link;}}{\*\datastore 01050000
02000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000d033
900512ced901feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}