{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f421\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs22\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid227724\rsid14828310}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1
\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Sandeep Pandilla}{\creatim\yr2023\mo7\dy3\hr23\min23}{\revtim\yr2023\mo7\dy3\hr23\min28}{\version2}{\edmins5}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords6393}{\nofchars36446}{\nofcharsws42754}
{\vern75}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale140\rsidroot14828310 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid14828310 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs56\insrsid14828310\charrsid14828310 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Dear shareholders:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 As I sit down to write my second annual shareholder letter as CEO, I find myself optimistic and energized
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 by what lies ahead for Amazon. Despite 2022 being one of the harder macroeconomic years in recent memory,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and with some of our own operating challenges to boot, we still found a way to grow demand (on top of
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 the unprecedented growth we experienced in the f\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 irst half of the pandemic). We innovated in our largest
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 businesses to meaningfully improve customer experience short and long term. And, we made important
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 adjustments in our investment decisions and the way in which we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll invent moving forward, while still
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 preserving the long-term investments that we believe can change the future of Amazon for customers,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 shareholders, and employees.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While there were an unusual number of simultaneous challenges this past year, the reality is that if you
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 operate in large, dyn\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 amic, global market segments with many capable and well-funded competitors (the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 conditions in which Amazon operates all of its businesses), conditions rarely stay stagnant for long.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In the 25 years I\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve been at Amazon, there has been constant change, much \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 of which we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve initiated ourselves.

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When I joined Amazon in 1997, we had booked $15M in revenue in 1996, were a books-only retailer, did
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 not have a third-party marketplace, and only shipped to addresses in the US. Today, Amazon sells nearly every
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 physical \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and digital retail item you can imagine, with a vibrant third-party seller ecosystem that accounts
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 for 60% of our unit sales, and reaches customers in virtually every country around the world. Similarly,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 building a business around a set of technology infra\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 structure services in the cloud was not obvious in 2003
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 when we started pursuing AWS, and still wasn\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t when we launched our first services in 2006. Having virtually
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 every book at your fingertips in 60 seconds, and then being able to store and retrieve them\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  on a lightweight
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 digital reader was not \'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 a thing\'94\loch\f31506  yet when we launched Kindle in 2007, nor was a voice-driven personal assistant
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 like Alexa (launched in 2014) that you could use to access entertainment, control your smart home, shop,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and retrieve all sort\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s of information.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 There have also been times when macroeconomic conditions or operating inefficiencies have presented us
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 with new challenges. For instance, in the 2001 dot-com crash, we had to secure letters of credit to buy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 inventory for the holidays, str\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 eamline costs to deliver better profitability for the business, yet still prioritized
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 the long-term customer experience and business we were trying to build (if you remember, we actually
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lowered prices in most of our categories during that tenuous 2001 per\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 iod). You saw this sort of balancing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 again in 2008-2009 as we endured the recession provoked by the mortgage-backed securities financial crisis.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We took several actions to manage the cost structure and efficiency of our Stores business, but we also
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 balanced this streamlining with investment in customer experiences that we believed could be substantial
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 future businesses with strong returns for shareholders. In 2008, AWS was still a fairly small, fledgling business.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We knew we were on to something, but\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  it still required substantial capital investment. There were voices
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 inside and outside of the company questioning why Amazon (known mostly as an online retailer then) would
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 be investing so much in cloud computing. But, we knew we were inventing something \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 special that could
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 create a lot of value for customers and Amazon in the future. We had a head start on potential competitors;
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and if anything, we wanted to accelerate our pace of innovation. We made the long-term decision to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 continue investing in AWS. Fif\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 teen years later, AWS is now an $85B annual revenue run rate business, with
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 strong profitability, that has transformed how customers from start-ups to multinational companies to public
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 sector organizations manage their technology infrastructure. Amazon wou\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ld be a different company if
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 d slowed investment in AWS during that 2008-2009 period.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Change is always around the corner. Sometimes, you proactively invite it in, and sometimes it just comes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a-knocking. But, when you see it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s coming, you have to embrace\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  it. And, the companies that do this well over
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a long period of time usually succeed. I\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 m optimistic about our future prospects because I like the way our
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 team is responding to the changes we see in front of us.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Over the last several months, we took a deep\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  look across the company, business by business, invention by
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 invention, and asked ourselves whether we had conviction about each initiative\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s long-term potential to drive
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 enough revenue, operating income, free cash flow, and return on invested capital. In \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 some cases, it led to us
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 shuttering certain businesses. For instance, we stopped pursuing physical store concepts like our Bookstores
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and 4 Star stores, closed our Amazon Fabric and Amazon Care efforts, and moved on from some newer
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 devices where we didn\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 see a path to meaningful returns. In other cases, we looked at some programs that
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 weren\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t producing the returns we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 d hoped (e.g. free shipping for all online grocery orders over $35) and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 amended them. We also reprioritized where to spend our resources, whi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ch ultimately led to the hard decision
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to eliminate 27,000 corporate roles. There are a number of other changes that we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve made over the last
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 several months to streamline our overall costs, and like most leadership teams, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll continue to evaluate
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 what we\loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re seeing in our business and proceed adaptively.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We also looked hard at how we were working together as a team and asked our corporate employees to come
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 back to the office at least three days a week, beginning in May. During the pandemic, our employees r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 allied to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 get work done from home and did everything possible to keep up with the unexpected circumstances that
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 presented themselves. It was impressive and I\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 m proud of the way our collective team came together to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 overcome unprecedented challenges for our customers, communities, and business. But, we don\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t think it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 best long-term approach. We\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve become convinc\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ed that collaborating and inventing is easier and more
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 effective when we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re working together and learning from one another in person. The energy and riffing on
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 one another\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s ideas happen more freely, and many of the best Amazon inventions have had their br\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 eakthrough
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 moments from people staying behind after a meeting and working through ideas on a whiteboard, or
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 continuing the conversation on the walk back from a meeting, or just popping by a teammate\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s office later
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 that day with another thought. Invention i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s often messy. It wanders and meanders and marinates.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Serendipitous interactions help it, and there are more of those in-person than virtually. It\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s also significantly
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 easier to learn, model, practice, and strengthen our culture when we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re in the office to\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gether most of the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 time and surrounded by our colleagues. Innovation and our unique culture have been incredibly important
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 in our first 29 years as a company, and I expect it will be comparably so in the next 29.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 A critical challenge we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve continued to tac\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 kle is the rising cost to serve in our Stores fulfillment network (i.e.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 the cost to get a product from Amazon to a customer)\hich\f31506 \emdash \loch\f31506 and we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve made several changes that we believe will
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 meaningfully improve our fulfillment costs and speed of delivery.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 During the ea\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rly part of the pandemic, with many physical stores shut down, our consumer business grew
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 at an extraordinary clip, with annual revenue increasing from $245B in 2019 to $434B in 2022. This meant that
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 we had to double the fulfillment center footprint that w\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 d built over the prior 25 years and substantially
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 accelerate building a last-mile transportation network that\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s now the size of UPS (along with a new sortation
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 center network to assist with efficiency and speed when items needed to traverse long distance\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s)\hich\f31506 \emdash \loch\f31506 all in the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 span of about two years. This was no easy feat, and hundreds of thousands of Amazonians worked very hard
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to make this happen. However, not surprisingly, with that rate and scale of change, there was a lot of
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 optimization needed to yield the i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ntended productivity. Over the last several months, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve scrutinized every
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 process path in our fulfillment centers and transportation network and redesigned scores of processes and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 mechanisms, resulting in steady productivity gains and cost reductions ove\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r the last few quarters. There\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 more work to do, but we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re pleased with our trajectory and the meaningful upside in front of us.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We also took this occasion to make larger structural changes that set us up better to deliver lower costs and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 faster speed for\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  many years to come. A good example was reevaluating how our US fulfillment network was
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 organized. Until recently, Amazon operated one national US fulfillment network that distributed inventory
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 from fulfillment centers spread across the entire country. If a local fulfillment center didn\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t have the product a
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 customer ordered, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 d end up shipping it from other parts of the country, costing us more and increasing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 delivery times. This challenge beca\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 me more pronounced as our fulfillment network expanded to hundreds of
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 additional nodes over the last few years, distributing inventory across more locations and increasing the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 complexity of connecting the fulfillment center and delivery station nodes effic\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 iently. Last year, we started
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rearchitecting our inventory placement strategy and leveraging our larger fulfillment center footprint to move
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 from a national fulfillment network to a regionalized network model. We made significant internal changes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (e.g. pla\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 cement and logistics software, processes, physical operations) to create eight interconnected regions in
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 smaller geographic areas. Each of these regions has broad, relevant selection to operate in a largely self\'02sufficient way, while still being able to sh\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ip nationally when necessary. Some of the most meaningful and hard
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 work came from optimizing the connections between this large amount of infrastructure. We also continue
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to improve our advanced machine learning algorithms to better predict what customers \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 in various parts of the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 country will need so that we have the right inventory in the right regions at the right time. We\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve recently
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 completed this regional roll out and like the early results. Shorter travel distances mean lower cost to serve,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 less impact\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  on the environment, and customers getting their orders faster. On the latter, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re excited about
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 seeing more next day and same-day deliveries, and we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re on track to have our fastest Prime delivery speeds
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ever in 2023. Overall, we remain confident about o\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ur plans to lower costs, reduce delivery times, and build a
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 meaningfully larger retail business with healthy operating margins.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 AWS has an $85B annualized revenue run rate, is still early in its adoption curve, but at a juncture where it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 critical to stay\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  focused on what matters most to customers over the long-haul. Despite growing 29% year-over\'02\hich\f31506 year (\'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 YoY\'94
\loch\f31506 ) in 2022 on a $62B revenue base, AWS faces short-term headwinds right now as companies
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 are being more cautious in spending given the challenging, curre\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nt macroeconomic conditions. While some
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 companies might obsess over how they could extract as much money from customers as possible in these tight
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 times, it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s neither what customers want nor best for customers in the long term, so we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re taking a different
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tack. One of the many advantages of AWS and cloud computing is that when your business grows, you can
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 seamlessly scale up; and conversely, if your business contracts, you can choose to give us back that capacity
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and cease paying for it. This elasticity is \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 unique to the cloud, and doesn\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t exist when you\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve already made

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 expensive capital investments in your own on-premises datacenters, servers, and networking gear. In AWS,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 like all our businesses, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re not trying to optimize for any one quarter or year. We\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 r\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e trying to build customer
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 relationships (and a business) that outlast all of us; and as a result, our AWS sales and support teams are
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 spending much of their time helping customers optimize their AWS spend so they can better weather this
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 uncertain economy. Many of these AWS customers tell us that they\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re not cost-cutting as much as cost\'02
optimizing so they can take their resources and apply them to emerging and inventive new customer
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 experiences they\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re planning. Customers have appreciated \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 this customer-focused, long-term approach, and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 we think it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll bode well for both customers and AWS.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While these short-term headwinds soften our growth rate, we like a lot of the fundamentals that we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re seeing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 in AWS. Our new customer pipeline is robust, as\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  are our active migrations. Many companies use
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 discontinuous periods like this to step back and determine what they strategically want to change, and we
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 find an increasing number of enterprises opting out of managing their own infrastructure, and preferrin\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 move to AWS to enjoy the agility, innovation, cost-efficiency, and security benefits. And most importantly
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 for customers, AWS continues to deliver new capabilities rapidly (over 3,300 new features and services launched
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 in 2022), and invest in long-ter\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 m inventions that change what\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s possible.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Chip development is a good example. In last year\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s letter, I mentioned the investment we were making in our
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 general-purpose CPU processors named Graviton. Graviton2-based compute instances deliver up to 40%
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 better \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 price-performance than the comparable latest generation x86-based instances; and in 2022, we delivered
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 our Graviton3 chips, providing 25% better performance than the Graviton2 processors. Further, as machine
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 learning adoption has continued to accelerate, c\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ustomers have yearned for lower-cost GPUs (the chips
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 most commonly used for machine learning). AWS started investing years ago in these specialized chips for
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 machine learning training and inference (inferences are the predictions or answers that a machine \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 learning
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 model provides). We delivered our first training chip in 2022 (\'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 Trainium\'94\loch\f31506 ); and for the most common
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 machine learning models, Trainium-based instances are up to 140% faster than GPU-based instances at up
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to 70% lower cost. Most companies are still \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 in the training stage, but as they develop models that graduate to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 large-scale production, they\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll find that most of the cost is in inference because models are trained
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 periodically whereas inferences are happening all the time as their associated applicat\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ion is being exercised.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 We launched our first inference chips (\'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 Inferentia\'94\loch\f31506 ) in 2019, and they have saved companies like Amazon over
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a hundred million dollars in capital expense already. Our Inferentia2 chip, which just launched, offers up
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to four times hi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gher throughput and ten times lower latency than our first Inferentia processor. With the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 enormous upcoming growth in machine learning, customers will be able to get a lot more done with AWS\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 training and inference chips at a significantly lower cost. We\hich\f31506 \rquote \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 re not close to being done innovating here,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and this long-term investment should prove fruitful for both customers and AWS. AWS is still in the early
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 stages of its evolution, and has a chance for unusual growth in the next decade.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Similarly high potential, Amazon\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s Advertising business is uniquely effective for brands, which is part of why it
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 continues to grow at a brisk clip. Akin to physical retailers\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506  advertising businesses selling shelf space, end\'02caps, and placement in their ci
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rculars, our sponsored products and brands offerings have been an integral part
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 of the Amazon shopping experience for more than a decade. However, unlike physical retailers, Amazon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 can tailor these sponsored products to be relevant to what customers are se\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 arching for given what we know
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 about shopping behaviors and our very deep investment in machine learning algorithms. This leads to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 advertising that\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s more useful for customers; and as a result, performs better for brands. This is part of why
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 our Advertisin\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g revenue has continued to grow rapidly (23% YoY in Q4 2022, 25% YoY overall for 2022
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 on a $31B revenue base), even as most large advertising-focused businesses\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506  growth have slowed over the last
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 several quarters.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We strive to be the best place for advertis\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ers to build their brands. We have near and long-term opportunities
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 that will help us achieve that mission. We\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re continuing to make large investments in machine learning to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 keep honing our advertising selection algorithms. For the past couple of years, we\loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve invested in building
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 comprehensive, flexible, and durable planning and measurement solutions, giving marketers greater insight
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 into advertising effectiveness. An example is Amazon Marketing Cloud (\'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 AMC\'94\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 ). AMC is a \'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 clean room\'94
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (i.e. secure digital envi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ronment) in which advertisers can run custom audience and campaign analytics
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 across a range of first and third-party inputs, in a privacy-safe manner, to generate advertising and business
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 insights to inform their broader marketing and sales strategies. The\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Advertising and AWS teams have
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 collaborated to enable companies to store their data in AWS, operate securely in AMC with Amazon and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 other third-party data sources, perform analytics in AWS, and have the option to activate advertising on
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Amazon or third-pa\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rty publishers through the Amazon Demand-Side Platform. Customers really like this
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 concerted capability. We also see future opportunity to thoughtfully integrate advertising into our video,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 live sports, audio, and grocery products. We\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll continue to work h\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ard to help brands uniquely engage with
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 the right audience, and grow this part of our business.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s tempting in turbulent times only to focus on your existing large businesses, to build a sustainable,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 long-lasting, growing company that helps custome\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rs across a large number of dimensions, you can\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t stop
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 inventing and working on long-term customer experiences that can meaningfully impact customers and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 your company.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 When we look at new investment opportunities, we ask ourselves a few questions:
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs56\insrsid14828310\charrsid14828310 \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \u9702\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs56\insrsid14828310\charrsid14828310 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  If we 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 were successful, could it be big and have a reasonable return on invested capital?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs56\insrsid14828310\charrsid14828310 \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \u9702\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs56\insrsid14828310\charrsid14828310 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 Is the opportunity being well-served today?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs56\insrsid14828310\charrsid14828310 \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \u9702\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs56\insrsid14828310\charrsid14828310 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 Do we have a differentiated approach?
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs56\insrsid14828310\charrsid14828310 \loch\af31506\dbch\af31505\hich\f31506 \u9702\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs56\insrsid14828310\charrsid14828310 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 And, do we have competence in that area? And if not, can we acquire it quickly?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 If we like the answers to those questions, then we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll invest. This process has led to some expansions that
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 seem straightforward, and others that some folks might not have ini\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tially guessed.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The earliest example is when we chose to expand from just selling Books, to adding categories like Music,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Video, Electronics, and Toys. Back then (1998-1999), it wasn\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t universally applauded, but in retrospect, it
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 seems fairly obvious.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 same could be said for our international Stores expansion. In 2022, our international consumer segment
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 drove $118B of revenue. In our larger, established international consumer businesses, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re big enough to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 be impacted by the slowing macroeconomic condit\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ions; however, the growth in 2019-2021 on a large base was
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 remarkable\hich\f31506 \emdash \loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 30% compound annual growth rate (\'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 CAGR\'94\loch\f31506 ) in the UK, 26% in Germany, and 21% in
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Japan (excluding the impact of FX). Over the past several years, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve invested in new international
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 geogra\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 phies, including India, Brazil, Mexico, Australia, various European countries, the Middle East, and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 parts of Africa. These new countries take a certain amount of fixed investment to get started and to scale, but
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 we like the trajectory they\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re on, and their\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  growth patterns resemble what we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve seen in North America
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and our established international geographies. Emerging countries sometimes lack some of the infrastructure
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and services that our business relies on (e.g. payment methods, transportation services, \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and internet/
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 telecom infrastructure). To solve these challenges, we continue to work with various partners to deliver
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 solutions for customers. Ultimately, we believe that this investment in serving a broader geographical footprint
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 will allow us to help mo\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 re customers across the world, as well as build a larger free cash flow-generating
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 consumer business.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Beyond geographic expansion, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve been working to expand our customer offerings across some large,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 unique product retail market segments. Grocery is an $\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 800B market segment in the US alone, with the average
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 household shopping three to four times per week. Amazon has built a somewhat unusual, but significant
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 grocery business over nearly 20 years. Similar to how other mass merchants entered the grocery space\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  in the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1980s, we began by adding products typically found in supermarket aisles that don\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t require temperature
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 control such as paper products, canned and boxed food, candy and snacks, pet care, health and personal care,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and beauty. However, we offer more \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 than three million items compared to a typical supermarket\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s 30K for
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 the same categories. To date, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve also focused on larger pack sizes, given the current cost to serve online
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 delivery. While we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re pleased with the size and growth of our grocery business, we aspire to serve more of
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 our customers\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506  grocery needs than we do\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  today. To do so, we need a broader physical store footprint given that
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 most of the grocery shopping still happens in physical venues. Whole Foods Market pioneered the natural
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and organic specialty grocery store concept 40 years ago. Today, it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s a large an\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 d growing business that continues
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to raise the bar for healthy and sustainable food. Over the past year, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve continued to invest in the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 business while also making changes to drive better profitability. Whole Foods is on an encouraging path,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 but to have a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  larger impact on physical grocery, we must find a mass grocery format that we believe is worth
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 expanding broadly. Amazon Fresh is the brand we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve been experimenting with for a few years, and we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 working hard to identify and build the right mass grocery \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 format for Amazon scale. Grocery is a big growth
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 opportunity for Amazon.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Amazon Business is another example of an investment where our ecommerce and logistics capabilities
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 position us well to pursue this large market segment. Amazon Business allows busines\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ses, municipalities,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and organizations to procure products like office supplies and other bulk items easily and at great savings.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While some areas of the economy have struggled over the past few years, Amazon Business has thrived. Why?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Because the team has\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  translated what it means to deliver selection, value, and convenience into a business
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 procurement setting, constantly listening to and learning from customers, and innovating on their behalf.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Some people have never heard of Amazon Business, but, our busin\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ess customers love it. Amazon Business
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 launched in 2015 and today drives roughly $35B in annualized gross sales. More than six million active
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 customers, including 96 of the global Fortune 100 companies, are enjoying Amazon Business\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506  one-stop
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 shopping, real\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 -time analytics, and broad selection on hundreds of millions of business supplies. We believe
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 that we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve only scratched the surface of what\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s possible to date, and plan to keep building the features our
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 business customers tell us they need and want.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 While \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 many brands and merchants successfully sell their products on Amazon\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s marketplace, there are also
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a large number of brands and sellers who have launched their own direct-to-consumer websites. One of the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 challenges for these merchants is driving conversion\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  from views to purchases. We invented Buy with Prime
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to help with this challenge. Buy with Prime allows third-party brands and sellers to offer their products on
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 their own websites to our large Amazon Prime membership, and offer those customers fast, free \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Prime shipping
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and seamless checkout with their Amazon account. Buy with Prime provides merchants several additional
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 benefits, including Amazon handling the product storage, picking, packing, delivery, payment, and any
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 returns, all through Amazon Pay and Fulfillment by Amazon. Buy with Prime has recently been made
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 available to all US merchants; and so far, Buy with Prime\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  has increased shopper conversion on third-party
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 shopping sites by 25% on average. Merchants are excited about converting more sales and fulfilling these
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 shipments more easily, Prime members love that they can use their Prime benefits on more destinations,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and Buy with Prime allows us to improve the shopping experience across more of the web.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Expanding internationally, pursuing large retail market segments that are still nascent for Amazon, and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 using our unique assets to help merchants sell more effectively\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  on their own websites are somewhat natural
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 extensions for us. There are also a few investments we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re making that are further from our core businesses, but
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 where we see unique opportunity. In 2003, AWS would have been a classic example. In 2023, Amazon
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Hea\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lthcare and Kuiper are potential analogues.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Our initial efforts in Healthcare began with pharmacy, which felt less like a major departure from ecommerce.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 For years, Amazon customers had asked us when we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 d offer them an online pharmacy as their frustrations
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 mounted with current providers. Launched in 2020, Amazon Pharmacy is a full-service, online pharmacy that
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 offers transparent pricing, easy refills, and savings for Prime members. The business is growing quickly,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and continues to innovate. An example is Am\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 azon Pharmacy\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s recent launch of RxPass, which for a $5 per
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 month flat fee, enables Prime members to get as many of the eligible prescription medications as they need
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 for dozens of common conditions, like high blood pressure, acid reflux, and anxiety. Howe\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ver, our customers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 have continued to express a strong desire for Amazon to provide a better alternative to the inefficient and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 unsatisfying broader healthcare experience. We decided to start with primary care as it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s a prevalent first stop
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 in the patient j\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ourney. We evaluated and studied the existing landscape extensively, including some early
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Amazon experiments like Amazon Care. During this process, we identified One Medical\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s patient-focused
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 experience as an excellent foundation upon which to build our fu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ture business; and in July 2022, we announced
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 our acquisition of One Medical. There are several elements that customers love about One Medical. It has
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 a fantastic digital app that makes it easy for patients to discuss issues with a medical practitioner via\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  chat or
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 video conference. If a physical visit is required, One Medical has offices in cities across the US where
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 patients can book same or next day appointments. One Medical has relationships with specialty physicians
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 in each of its cities and works close\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ly with local hospital systems to make seeing specialists easy, so One
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Medical members can quickly access these resources when needed. Going forward, we strongly believe
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 that One Medical and Amazon will continue to innovate together to change what primary care will look like
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 for customers.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Kuiper is another example of Amazon innovating for customers over the long term in an area where there\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 high customer need. Our vision\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  for Kuiper is to create a low-Earth orbit satellite system to deliver high-quality
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 broadband internet service to places around the world that don\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t currently have it. There are hundreds of
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 millions of households and businesses who don\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t have reliable acce\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ss to the internet. Imagine what they\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll be

\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 able to do with reliable connectivity, from people taking online education courses, using financial services,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 starting their own businesses, doing their shopping, enjoying entertainment, to businesses and governm\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ents
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 improving their coverage, efficiency, and operations. Kuiper will deliver not only accessibility, but
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 affordability. Our teams have developed low-cost antennas (i.e. customer terminals) that will lower the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 barriers to access. We recently unveiled the \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 new terminals that will communicate with the satellites passing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 overhead, and we expect to be able to produce our standard residential version for less than $400 each. They\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 small: 11 inches square, 1 inch thick, and weigh less than 5 pounds without thei\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 r mounting bracket, but
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 they deliver speeds up to 400 megabits per second. And they\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re powered by Amazon-designed baseband chips.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re preparing to launch two prototype satellites to test the entire end-to-end communications network
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 this year, and plan to\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  be in beta with commercial customers in 2024. The customer reaction to what we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 shared thus far about Kuiper has been very positive, and we believe Kuiper represents a very large potential
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 opportunity for Amazon. It also shares several similarities to A\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 WS in that it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s capital intensive at the start,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 but has a large prospective consumer, enterprise, and government customer base, significant revenue and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 operating profit potential, and relatively few companies with the technical and inventive aptitude, as w\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ell as
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 the investment hypothesis to go after it.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 One final investment area that I\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll mention, that\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s core to setting Amazon up to invent in every area of our
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 business for many decades to come, and where we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 re investing heavily is Large Language Models (\'93\loch\f31506 LL\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 Ms
\'94\loch\f31506 )
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and Generative AI. Machine learning has been a technology with high promise for several decades, but it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 only been the last five to ten years that it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s started to be used more pervasively by companies. This shift was
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 driven by several factors, includ\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ing access to higher volumes of compute capacity at lower prices than was ever
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 available. Amazon has been using machine learning extensively for 25 years, employing it in everything
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 from personalized ecommerce recommendations, to fulfillment center pick pa\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ths, to drones for Prime Air,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to Alexa, to the many machine learning services AWS offers (where AWS has the broadest machine learning
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 functionality and customer base of any cloud provider). More recently, a newer form of machine learning,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 called Generative AI, has burst onto the scene and promises to significantly accelerate machine learning
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 adoption. Generative AI is based on very Large\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Language Models (trained on up to hundreds of billions
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 of parameters, and growing), across expansive datasets, and has radically general and broad recall and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 learning capabilities. We have been working on our own LLMs for a while now, believe it will tran\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 sform and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 improve virtually every customer experience, and will continue to invest substantially in these models
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 across all of our consumer, seller, brand, and creator experiences. Additionally, as we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve done for years in
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 AWS, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re democratizing this tech\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 nology so companies of all sizes can leverage Generative AI. AWS is
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 offering the most price-performant machine learning chips in Trainium and Inferentia so small and large
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 companies can afford to train and run their LLMs in production. We enable companies \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to choose from
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 various LLMs and build applications with all of the AWS security, privacy and other features that customers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 are accustomed to using. And, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re delivering applications like AWS\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s CodeWhisperer, which revolutionizes
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 developer productivity by \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 generating code suggestions in real time. I could write an entire letter on LLMs
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and Generative AI as I think they will be that transformative, but I\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll leave that for a future letter. Let\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s just
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 say that LLMs and Generative AI are going to be a big deal f\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 or customers, our shareholders, and Amazon.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 So, in closing, I\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 m optimistic that we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll emerge from this challenging macroeconomic time in a stronger
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 position than when we entered it. There are several reasons for it and I\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve mentioned many of them above.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Bu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 t, there are two relatively simple statistics that underline our immense future opportunity. While we have a
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 consumer business that\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s $434B in 2022, the vast majority of total market segment share in global retail
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 still resides in physical stores (roughly \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 80%). And, it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s a similar story for Global IT spending, where we have
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 AWS revenue of $80B in 2022, with about 90% of Global IT spending still on-premises and yet to migrate
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 to the cloud. As these equations steadily flip\hich\f31506 \emdash \loch\f31506 as we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re already seeing happen\hich\f31506 \emdash \loch\f31506 we be
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 lieve our leading customer
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 experiences, relentless invention, customer focus, and hard work will result in significant growth in the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 coming years. And, of course, this doesn\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t include the other businesses and experiences we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re pursuing at
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Amazon, all of wh\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ich are still in their early days.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 I strongly believe that our best days are in front of us, and I look forward to working with my teammates at
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Amazon to make it so.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Sincerely,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Andy Jassy
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 President and Chief Executive Officer
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Amazon.com, Inc.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 P.S. As we have always done, our original 1997 Shareholder Letter follows. What\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s written there is as true
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 today as it was in 1997.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1997 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 (Reprinted from the 1997 Annual Report)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 T\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o our shareholders:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Amazon.com passed many milestones in 1997: by year-end, we had served more than 1.5 million customers,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 yielding 838% revenue growth to $147.8 million, and extended our market leadership despite aggressive
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 competitive entry.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 But this is \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Day 1 for the Internet and, if we execute well, for Amazon.com. Today, online commerce saves
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 customers money and precious time. Tomorrow, through personalization, online commerce will accelerate the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 very process of discovery. Amazon.com uses the Internet t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 o create real value for its customers and, by doing so,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 hopes to create an enduring franchise, even in established and large markets.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We have a window of opportunity as larger players marshal the resources to pursue the online opportunity
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and as customers,\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  new to purchasing online, are receptive to forming new relationships. The competitive
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 landscape has continued to evolve at a fast pace. Many large players have moved online with credible offerings
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and have devoted substantial energy and resources to build\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ing awareness, traffic, and sales. Our goal is to move
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 quickly to solidify and extend our current position while we begin to pursue the online commerce opportunities
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 in other areas. We see substantial opportunity in the large markets we are targeting. This\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  strategy is not without
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 risk: it requires serious investment and crisp execution against established franchise leaders.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 It\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s All About the Long Term
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We believe that a fundamental measure of our success will be the shareholder value we create over the long
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 term. This value will be a direct result of our ability to extend and solidify our current market leadership position.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The stronger our market leadership, the more powerful our economic model. Market leadership can translate
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 directly to higher revenue, hi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gher profitability, greater capital velocity, and correspondingly stronger returns on
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 invested capital.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Our decisions have consistently reflected this focus. We first measure ourselves in terms of the metrics most
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 indicative of our market leadership: custo\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 mer and revenue growth, the degree to which our customers continue to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 purchase from us on a repeat basis, and the strength of our brand. We have invested and will continue to invest
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 aggressively to expand and leverage our customer base, brand, and infrastructure as we move to establish an
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 enduring franchise.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Because of our e\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 mphasis on the long term, we may make decisions and weigh tradeoffs differently than
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 some companies. Accordingly, we want to share with you our fundamental management and decision-making
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 approach so that you, our shareholders, may confirm that it is consis\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 tent with your investment philosophy:
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  We will continue to focus relentlessly on our customers.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  We will continue to make investment decisions in light of long-term market leadership considerations
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rather than short-term profitability considerations or s\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 hort-term Wall Street reactions.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  We will continue to measure our programs and the effectiveness of our investments analytically, to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 jettison those that do not provide acceptable returns, and to step up our investment in those that work
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 best. We will cont\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 inue to learn from both our successes and our failures.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  We will make bold rather than timid investment decisions where we see a sufficient probability of
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 gaining market leadership advantages. Some of these investments will pay off, others will not, and w\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 e
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 will have learned another valuable lesson in either case.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  When forced to choose between optimizing the appearance of our GAAP accounting and maximizing
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 the present value of future cash flows, we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ll take the cash flows.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  We will share our strategic tho\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ught processes with you when we make bold choices (to the extent
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 competitive pressures allow), so that you may evaluate for yourselves whether we are making rational
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 long-term leadership investments.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  We will work hard to spend wisely and maintain our lea\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n culture. We understand the importance of
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 continually reinforcing a cost-conscious culture, particularly in a business incurring net losses.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  We will balance our focus on growth with emphasis on long-term profitability and capital management.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 At this sta\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ge, we choose to prioritize growth because we believe that scale is central to achieving the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 potential of our business model.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  We will continue to focus on hiring and retaining versatile and talented employees, and continue to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 weight their compensation to\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  stock options rather than cash. We know our success will be largely
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 affected by our ability to attract and retain a motivated employee base, each of whom must think like,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 and therefore must actually be, an owner.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We aren\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 t so bold as to claim that the above is the \'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 right\'94\loch\f31506  investment philosophy, but it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
s ours, and we
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 would be remiss if we weren\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t clear in the approach we have taken and will continue to take.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 With this foundation, we would like to turn to a review of\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  our business focus, our progress in 1997, and our
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 outlook for the future.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Obsess Over Customers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 From the beginning, our focus has been on offering our customers compelling value. We realized that the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Web was, and still is, the World Wide Wait. Therefore, \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 we set out to offer customers something they simply
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 could not get any other way, and began serving them with books. We brought them much more selection than
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 was possible in a physical store (our store would now occupy 6 football fields), and presented it i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n a useful, easy\'02
to-search, and easy-to-browse format in a store open 365 days a year, 24 hours a day. We maintained a dogged
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 focus on improving the shopping experience, and in 1997 substantially enhanced our store. We now offer
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 customers gift certificates\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 , 1-ClickSM shopping, and vastly more reviews, content, browsing options, and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 recommendation features. We dramatically lowered prices, further increasing customer value. Word of mouth
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 remains the most powerful customer acquisition tool we have, and we are \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 grateful for the trust our customers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 have placed in us. Repeat purchases and word of mouth have combined to make Amazon.com the market leader
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 in online bookselling.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 By many measures, Amazon.com came a long way in 1997:
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Sales grew from $15.7 million in 19\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 96 to $147.8 million \hich\f31506 \endash \loch\f31506  an 838% increase.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Cumulative customer accounts grew from 180,000 to 1,510,000 \hich\f31506 \endash \loch\f31506  a 738% increase.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  The percentage of orders from repeat customers grew from over 46% in the fourth quarter of 1996 to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 over 58% in the same period in 19\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 97.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  In terms of audience reach, per Media Metrix, our Web site went from a rank of 90th to within the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 top 20.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  We established long-term relationships with many important strategic partners, including America
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Online, Yahoo!, Excite, Netscape, GeoCities, \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 AltaVista, @Home, and Prodigy.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Infrastructure
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 During 1997, we worked hard to expand our business infrastructure to support these greatly increased
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 traffic, sales, and service levels:
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Amazon.com\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s employee base grew from 158 to 614, and we significantly s\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 trengthened our
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 management team.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Distribution center capacity grew from 50,000 to 285,000 square feet, including a 70% expansion of our
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Seattle facilities and the launch of our second distribution center in Delaware in November.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Inventories rose to over 200,000 titles at year-end, enabling us to improve availability for our customers.
\par \bullet \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Our cash and investment balances at year-end were $\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 125 million, thanks to our initial public offering in
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 May 1997 and our $75 million loan, affording us substantial strategic flexibility.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Our Employees
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The past year\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s success is the product of a talented, smart, hard-working group, and I take great pride i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 being a part of this team. Setting the bar high in our approach to hiring has been, and will continue to be, the
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 single most important element of Amazon.com\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s success.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 It\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 s not easy to work here (when I interview people I tell them, \'93\loch\f31506 You can work long, h\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ard, or smart, but at
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Amazon.com you can\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 t choose two out of three\'94\loch\f31506 ), but we are working to build something important, something
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 that matters to our customers, something that we can all tell our grandchildren about. Such things aren\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t meant to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 be easy. We \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 are incredibly fortunate to have this group of dedicated employees whose sacrifices and passion
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 build Amazon.com.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Goals for 1998
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We are still in the early stages of learning how to bring new value to our customers through Internet
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 commerce and merchandisin\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 g. Our goal remains to continue to solidify and extend our brand and customer base.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 This requires sustained investment in systems and infrastructure to support outstanding customer convenience,
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 selection, and service while we grow. We are planning to add m\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 usic to our product offering, and over time we
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 believe that other products may be prudent investments. We also believe there are significant opportunities to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 better serve our customers overseas, such as reducing delivery times and better tailoring the cust\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 omer experience.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 To be certain, a big part of the challenge for us will lie not in finding new ways to expand our business, but in
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 prioritizing our investments.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 We now know vastly more about online commerce than when Amazon.com was founded, but we still ha\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ve
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 so much to learn. Though we are optimistic, we must remain vigilant and maintain a sense of urgency. The
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 challenges and hurdles we will face to make our long-term vision for Amazon.com a reality are several:
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 aggressive, capable, well-funded competition;\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  considerable growth challenges and execution risk; the risks of
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 product and geographic expansion; and the need for large continuing investments to meet an expanding market
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 opportunity. However, as we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve long said, online bookselling, and online commerce i\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n general, should prove to
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 be a very large market, and it\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s likely that a number of companies will see significant benefit. We feel good about
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 what we\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve done, and even more excited about what we want to do.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1997 was indeed an incredible year. We at Amazon.com are grateful to our cu\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 stomers for their business and
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 trust, to each other for our hard work, and to our shareholders for their support and encouragement.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Jeffrey P. Bezos
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Founder and Chief Executive Officer
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Amazon.com, Inc.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs56\insrsid227724\charrsid14828310 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax376\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Link;}}{\*\datastore 01050000
02000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000a0f6
370430aed901feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}