{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f43\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502040204020203}Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f63\fbidi \fscript\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 030f0702030302020204}Comic Sans MS;}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1328\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f1329\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f1331\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f1332\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f1333\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f1334\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f1335\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f1336\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f1668\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f1669\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}{\f1671\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f1672\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}
{\f1675\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f1676\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}{\f1958\fbidi \fscript\fcharset238\fprq2 Comic Sans MS CE;}{\f1959\fbidi \fscript\fcharset204\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Cyr;}
{\f1961\fbidi \fscript\fcharset161\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Greek;}{\f1962\fbidi \fscript\fcharset162\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Tur;}{\f1965\fbidi \fscript\fcharset186\fprq2 Comic Sans MS Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\chyperlink\ctint255\cshade255\red5\green99\blue193;\red96\green94\blue92;\red225\green223\blue221;}
{\*\defchp \fs22\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 
Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \ul\cf19 \sbasedon10 \sunhideused \styrsid1134667 Hyperlink;}{\*\cs16 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cf20\chshdng0\chcfpat0\chcbpat21 
\sbasedon10 \ssemihidden \sunhideused \styrsid1134667 Unresolved Mention;}}{\*\pgptbl {\pgp\ipgp2\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}{\pgp\ipgp0\itap0\li0\ri0\sb0\sa0}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1134667\rsid8660784\rsid11822390}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0
\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Sandeep Pandilla}{\creatim\yr2023\mo8\dy29\hr12\min43}{\revtim\yr2023\mo9\dy2\hr15\min11}{\version3}{\edmins3}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords5839}
{\nofchars33288}{\nofcharsws39049}{\vern77}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale200\rsidroot1134667 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11822390 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \f63\fs56\insrsid11822390 \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 W}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f63\fs56\insrsid11822390\charrsid11822390 \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 hen the elephant disappeared from our town\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s elephant house, I read about it in the newspaper. My alarm clock woke me that day, as always, at six-thirteen. I went to the kitchen, made coffee and toast, turned on the radio, spread the paper out on the kitc\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
hen table, and proceeded to munch and read. I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
m one of those people who read the paper from beginning to end, in order, so it took me a while to get to the article about the vanishing elephant. The front page was filled with stories on S.D.I. and the trad\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 e 
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 friction with America, after which I plowed through the national news, international politics, economics, letters to the editor, book reviews, real-estate ads, sports reports, and finally the regional news.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 The elephant article was the lead story in the regional section. The unusually large headline caught my eye: \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 elephant missing in tokyo suburb,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
 and, beneath that, in type one size smaller, \'93\loch\f63 Citizens\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63  Fears Mount. Some Call for Probe.\'94\loch\f63  There was a photo o\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
f policemen inspecting the empty elephant house. \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
Without the elephant, something about the place seemed wrong. It looked bigger than it needed to be, blank and empty like some huge, dehydrated beast from which the innards had been plucked.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 Brushing away my toast crumbs, I studied every line of the article. The elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s absence had first been noticed at two o\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 clock on the afternoon of May 18th\hich\f63 
\emdash \loch\f63 the day before\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 when men from the school-lunch company delivered their usual truckload of food (th\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 e elephant mostly ate leftovers from the lunches of children in t
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 he local elementary school). On the ground, still locked, lay the steel shackle that had been fastened to the elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s hind leg, as though the elephant had slipped out of it. Nor was the elephant the only one missing. Also gone was its keeper, the man w\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ho had been in charge of the elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s care and feeding from the start.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 More from the Archive
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 Sign up for Classics, a twice-weekly newsletter featuring notable pieces from the past.
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 According to the article, the elephant and keeper had last been seen some\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 time after five o\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
clock the previous day (May 17th) by a few pupils from the elementary school, who were visiting the elephant house, making crayon sketches. These pupils must have been the last to see the elephant, said the paper, since the keeper always
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  closed the gate to the elephant enclosure when the six-o\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 clock siren blew.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 There had been nothing unusual about either the elephant or its keeper at the time, according to the unanimous testimony of the pupils. The elephant had been standing where it alwa\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
ys stood, in the middle of the enclosure, occasionally wagging its trunk from side to side or squinting its wrinkly eyes. It was such an awfully old elephant that its every move seemed a tremendous effort\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
so much so that people seeing it for the first tim\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 e feared it might collapse at any moment and draw its final breath.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 The elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s age had led to its adoption by our town a year earlier. When financial problems caused the little private zoo on the edge of town to close its doors, a wildlife dealer found
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
 places for the other animals in zoos throughout the country. But all the zoos had plenty of elephants, apparently, and not one of them was willing to take in a feeble old thing that looked as if it might die of a heart attack at any moment. And so, after
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  its companions were gone, the elephant stayed alone in the decaying zoo for nearly four months with nothing to do\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 not that it had had anything to do before.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 This caused a lot of difficulty, both for the zoo and for the town. The zoo had sold its land to a\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
 developer, who was planning to put up a high-rise condo building, and the town had already issued him a permit. The longer the elephant problem remained unresolved, the more interest the developer had to pay for nothing. Still, simply killing the thing w
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
ould have been out of the question. If it had been a spider monkey or a bat, they might have been able to get away with it, but the killing of an elephant would have been too hard to cover up, and if it ever came out afterward the repercussions would have
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  b\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 een tremendous. And so the various parties had met to deliberate on the matter, and they formulated an agreement on the disposition of the old elephant:
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 (1) The town would take ownership of the elephant at no cost.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 (2) The developer would, without compensation, provide land for housing the elephant.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 (3) The zoo\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s former owners would be responsible for paying the keeper\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s wages.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I had had my own private interest in the elephant problem from the very outset, and I kept a scrapbook with every clipping I could find on it. I had even gone to hear the town council\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s debates on the matter, which is why I am able to give such a full and\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
 accurate account of the course of events. And while my account may prove somewhat lengthy, I have chosen to set it down here in case the handling of the elephant problem should bear directly upon the elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s disappearance.

\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 When the mayor finished negot\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 iating the agreement\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 with its provision that the town would take charge of the elephant\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 \hich\f63 
a movement opposing the measure boiled up from within the ranks of the opposition party (whose very existence I had never imagined until then). \'93\loch\f63 Why must the town take\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63  ownership of the elephant?\'94
\loch\f63  they demanded of the mayor, and they raised the following points (sorry for all these lists, but I use them to make things easier to understand):
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 VIDEO FROM THE NEW YORKER
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 Dad Can Dance: My Father\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s Secret Ballet Career
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 (1) \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 The elephant problem was a question for private enterprise\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 the zoo and the developer; there was no reason for the town to become involved.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 (2) Care and feeding costs would be too high.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 (3) What did the mayor intend to do about the security problem?
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 (4) What merit would there be in the town\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s having its own elephant?
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 The town has any number of responsibilities it should be taking care of before it gets into the business of keeping an elephant\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 \hich\f63 
sewer repair, the purchase of a new fire engine, etc.,\'94\loch\f63  the o\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
pposition group declared, and while they did not say it in so many words, they hinted at the possibility of some secret deal between the mayor and the developer.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 In response, the mayor had this to say:
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
(1) If the town permitted the construction of high-rise condos, its tax revenues would increase so dramatically that the cost of keeping an elephant would be insignificant by comparison; thus it made sense for the town to take on the care of this elephant
.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 (2) The elephant was so old that it neither ate ve\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ry much nor was likely to pose a danger to anyone.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 (3) When the elephant died, the town would take full possession of the land donated by the developer.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 (4) The elephant could become the town\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s symbol.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
The long debate reached the conclusion that the town would take charge of the elephant after all. As an old, well-established residential suburb, the town boasted a relatively affluent citizenry, and its financial footing was sound. The adoption of a home
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 less elephant was a move that people could look upon favorably. People like old elephants better than sewers and fire engines.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I myself was all in favor of having the town care for the elephant. True, I was getting sick of high-rise condos, but I liked the\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  idea of my town\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s owning an elephant.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 A wooded area was cleared, and the elementary school\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s aging gym was moved there as an elephant house. The man who had served as the elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s keeper for many years would come to live in the house with the elephant. The children\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s lunch scraps would serv\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 e as the elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s feed. Finally, the elephant itself was carted in a trailer to its new home, there to live out its remaining years.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ADVERTISEMENT
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I joined the crowd at the elephant-house dedication ceremonies. St\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 anding before the elephant, the mayor delivered a speech (on the town\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 
s development and the enrichment of its cultural facilities); one elementary-school pupil, representing the student body, stood up to read a composition (\'93\loch\f63 Please live a long and healthy\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
 life, Mr. Elephant\'94\loch\f63 ); there was a sketch contest (sketching the elephant thereafter became an integral component of the pupils\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
 artistic education); and each of two young women in swaying dresses (neither of whom was especially good-looking) fed the elep\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ha\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
nt a bunch of bananas. The elephant endured these virtually meaningless (for the elephant, entirely meaningless) formalities with hardly a twitch, and it chomped on the bananas with a vacant stare. When it finished eating the bananas, everyone applauded.

\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
On its right rear leg, the elephant wore a solid, heavy-looking steel cuff from which there stretched a thick chain perhaps thirty feet long, and this in turn was securely fastened to a concrete slab. Anyone could see what a sturdy anchor held the beast i
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 n\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  place: the elephant could have struggled with all its might for a hundred years and never broken the thing.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I couldn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
t tell if the elephant was bothered by its shackle. On the surface, at least, it seemed all but unconscious of the enormous chunk of metal wrapped around its leg. It kept its blank gaze fixed on some indeterminate point in space, its ears and the
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  few white hairs on its body waving gently in the breeze.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 The elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s keeper was a small, bony old man. It was hard to guess his age; he could \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
have been in his early sixties or late seventies. He was one of those people whose appearance is no longer influenced by their age after they pass a certain point in life. His skin had the same darkly ruddy, sunburned look both summer and winter, his hair
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  was stiff and short, his eyes were small. His face had no distinguishing characteristics, but his almost perfectly circular ears stuck out on either side with disturbing prominence.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 He was not an unfriendly man. If someone spoke to him he would reply, and\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  he expressed himself clearly. If he wanted to he could be almost charming\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
though you always knew he was somewhat ill at ease. Generally, he remained a reticent, lonely-looking old man. He seemed to like the children who visited the elephant house, and he\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
 worked at being nice to them, but the children never really warmed to him.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 The only one who did that was the elephant. The keeper lived in a small prefab room attached to the elephant house, and all day long he stayed with the elephant, attending to its n\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
eeds. They had been together for more than ten years, and you could sense their closeness in every gesture and look. Whenever the elephant was standing there blankly and the keeper wanted it to move, all he had to do was stand next to the elephant, tap it
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  on a front leg, and whisper something in its ear. Then, swaying its huge bulk, the elephant would go exactly where the keeper had indicated, take up its new position, and continue staring at a point in space.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 On weekends, I would drop by the elephant hous\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
e and study these operations, but I could never figure out the principle on which the keeper-elephant communication was based. Maybe the elephant understood a few simple words (it had certainly been living long enough), or perhaps it received its informat
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ion through variations in the taps on its leg. Or possibly it had some special power resembling mental telepathy and could read the keeper\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 
s mind. I once asked the keeper how he gave his orders to the elephant, but the old man just smiled and said, \'93\loch\f63 We\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 ve\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  b\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
een together a long time.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 And so a year went by. Then, without warning, the elephant vanished. One day it was there, and the next it had ceased to be.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I poured myself a second cup of coffee and read the story again from beginning to end. Actually, it was a pretty strange article\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 \hich\f63 the kind that might excite Sherlock Holmes. \'93
\loch\f63 \hich\f63 Look at this, Watson,\'94\loch\f63  he\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 d say, tapping his pipe. \'93\loch\f63 A very interesting article. V\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 ery interesting indeed.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 What gave the article its air of strangeness was the obvious confusion and be\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
wilderment of the reporter. And this confusion and bewilderment clearly came from the absurdity of the situation itself. You could see how the reporter had struggled to find clever ways around the absurdity in order to write a \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
normal\'94\loch\f63  article. But the st\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ruggle had only driven his confusion and bewilderment to a hopeless extreme.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 For example, the article used such expressions as \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 the elephant escaped,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  but if you looked at the entire piece it became obvious that the elephant had in no way \'93
\loch\f63 \hich\f63 escaped.\'94\loch\f63  It had vanished into thin air. The reporter revealed his own conflicted state of m\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 ind by saying that a few \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 details\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
 remained \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 unclear,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  but this was not a phenomenon that could be disposed of by using such ordinary terminology as \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 details\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  or \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 unclear,
\'94\loch\f63  I felt.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 First, there was the problem of the steel cuff that had been fastened to th\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 e elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s leg. This had been found still locked. The most reasonable explanation for this would be that the keeper had unlocked the ring, removed it from the elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s leg, locked the ring again, and run off with the elephant\hich\f63 
\emdash \loch\f63 a hypothesis to which the\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  paper clung with desperate tenacity despite the fact that the keeper had no key! Only two keys existed, and they, for security\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s sake, were kept in locked safes, one in police headquarters and the other in the firehouse, both beyond the reach of the keep\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 er\loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
or of anyone else who might attempt to steal them. And even if someone had succeeded in stealing a key, there was no need whatever for that person to make a point of returning the key after using it. Yet the following morning both keys were found in thei
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 r respective safes at the police and fire stations. Which brings us to the conclusion that the elephant pulled its leg out of that solid steel ring without the aid of a key\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
an absolute impossibility unless someone had sawed the foot off.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ADVERTISEMENT
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 The\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
 second problem was the route of escape. The elephant house and grounds were surrounded by a massive fence nearly ten feet high. The question of security had been hotly debated in the town council, and the town had settled upon a system that might be cons
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
idered somewhat excessive for keeping one old elephant. Heavy iron bars had been anchored in a thick concrete foundation (the cost of the fence was borne by the real-estate company), and there was only a single entrance, which was found locked from the in
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 si\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 de. There was no way the elephant could have escaped from this fortresslike enclosure.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
The third problem was elephant tracks. Directly behind the elephant enclosure was a steep hill, which the animal could not possibly have climbed, so even if we suppose that the elephant somehow managed to pull its leg out of the steel ring and leap over t
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 he ten-foot-high fence, it would still have had to escape down the path to the front of the enclosure, and there was not a single mark anywhere in the soft earth of that\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
 path that could be seen as an elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s footprint.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 Riddled as it was with such perplexities and labored circumlocutions, the newspaper article as a whole left but one possible conclusion: the elephant had not escaped. It had vanished.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 Needless to say, however, neither the newspaper nor the police nor the mayor was willing to admit\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 openly, at least\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 \hich\f63 
that the elephant had vanished. The police were continuing to investigate, their spokesman saying only that the elephant either \'93\loch\f63 was taken o\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 r was allowed to e\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
scape in a clever, deliberately calculated move. Because of the difficulty involved in hiding an elephant, it is only a matter of time till we solve the case.\'94\loch\f63 
 To this optimistic assessment he added that they were planning to search the woods in the area \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 with the aid of local hunters\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63  clubs and sharpshooters from the national Self-Defense Force.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 The mayor had held a news conference, in which he apologized for the inadequacy of the town\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 s police resources. At the same time, he declared, \'93\loch\f63 Our elephant-securi
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 ty system is in no way inferior to similar facilities in any zoo in the country. Indeed, it is far stronger and far more fail-safe than the standard cage.\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  He also observed, \'93\loch\f63 
This is a dangerous and senseless anti-social act of the most malicious kind, an\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 d we cannot allow it to go unpunished.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 As they had the year before, the opposition-party members of the town council made accusations. \'93\loch\f63 
We intend to look into the political responsibility of the mayor; he has colluded with private enterprise in order to s\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 ell the townspeople a bill of goods on the solution of the elephant problem.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 One \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 worried-looking\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  mother, thirty-seven, was interviewed by the paper. \'93\loch\f63 Now I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 
m afraid to let my children out to play,\'94\loch\f63  she said.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 The coverage included a detailed summary of the steps leading to the town\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s decision to adopt the elephant, an aerial sketch of the elephant house and grounds, and brief histories of both the elephant and the keeper who had vanished with it. The man, Nobo\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
ru Watanabe, sixty-three, was from Tateyama,\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63  in Chiba Prefecture. He had worked for many years as a keeper in the mammalian section of the zoo, and \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
had the complete trust of the zoo authorities, both for his abundant knowledge of these animals and for his warm, sincere personality.\'94\loch\f63  The elephant h\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
ad been sent from East Africa twenty-two years earlier, but little was known about its exact age or its \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 personality.\'94\loch\f63 
 The report concluded with a request from the police for citizens of the town to come forward with any information they might have regard\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 in\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 g the elephant.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I thought about this request for a while as I drank my second cup of coffee, but I decided not to call the police\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
both because I preferred not to come into contact with them if I could help it and because I felt the police would not believe what I had to \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
tell them. What good would it do to talk to people like that, who would not even consider the possibility that the elephant had simply vanished?
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I took my scrapbook down from the shelf, cut out the elephant article, and pasted it in. Then \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I washed the dishes and left for the office.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I watched the search on the seven-o\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
clock news. There were hunters carrying large-bore rifles loaded with tranquillizer darts, Self-Defense Force troops, policemen, and firemen combing every square inch of the woods and hills in the immediate area as heli\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
copters hovered overhead. Of course, we\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 re talking about the kind of \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 woods\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  and \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 hills\'94\loch\f63 
 you find in the suburbs outside Tokyo, so they didn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t have an enormous area to cover. With that many people involved, a da\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 y should have been more than enough to do the job. And they weren
\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t searching for some tiny homicidal maniac: they were after a huge African elephant. There was a limit to the number of places a thing like that could hide. But still they had not managed t\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
\hich\f63 o find it. The chief of police appeared on the screen, saying, \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 We intend to continue the search.\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  And the anchorman concluded the report, \'93\loch\f63 
Who released the elephant, and how? Where have they hidden it? What was their motive? Everything remains shrouded i\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 n \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 mystery.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 The search went on for several days, but the authorities were unable to discover a single clue to the elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s whereabouts. I studied the newspaper reports, clipped them all, and pasted them in my scrapbook\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 including editorial cartoons on the subject. T\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
he album filled up quickly, and I had to buy another. Despite their enormous volume, the clippings contained not one fact of the kind that I was looking for. The reports were either pointless or off the mark: \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
elephant still missing,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  \'93\loch\f63 gloom thick in sear\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ch\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63  hq,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 mob behind disappearance?\'94\loch\f63 
 And even articles like this became noticeably scarcer after a week had gone by, until there was virtually nothing. A few of the weekly magazines carried sensational stories\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 one even hired a psychic\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
but they had nothing to\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63  substantiate their wild headlines. It seemed that people were beginning to shove the elephant case into the large category of \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 unsolvable mysteries.\'94\loch\f63 
 The disappearance of one old elephant and one old elephant keeper would have no impact on the course of \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 so\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
ciety. The earth would continue its monotonous rotations, politicians would continue issuing unreliable proclamations, people would continue yawning on their way to the office, children would continue studying for their college-entrance exams. Amid the en
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 dless surge and ebb of everyday life, interest in a missing elephant could not last forever. And so a number of unremarkable months went by, like a tired army marching past a window.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ADVERTISEMENT
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 Whenever I had a spare moment, I would visit the house whe\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 re the elephant no longer lived. A thick chain had been wrapped round and round the bars of the yard\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s iron gate, to keep people out. Peering inside, I could see that the elephant-house door had also been chained and locked, as though the police were tryi\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
ng to make up for having failed to find the elephant by multiplying the layers of security on the now empty elephant house. The area was deserted, the previous crowds having been replaced by a flock of pigeons resting on the roof. No one took care of the 
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 gr\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
ounds any longer, and thick, green summer grass had sprung up there as if it had been waiting for this opportunity. The chain coiled around the door of the elephant house reminded me of a huge snake set to guard a ruined palace in a thick forest. A few sh
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ort months without its elephant had given the place an air of doom and desolation that hung there like a huge, oppressive rain cloud.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 Imet her near the end of September. It had been raining that day from morning to night\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 the kind of soft, monotonous, misty\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
 rain that often falls at that time of year, washing away bit by bit the memories of summer burned into the earth. Coursing down the gutters, all those memories flowed into the sewers and rivers, to be carried to the deep, dark ocean.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
We noticed each other at the party my company threw to launch its new advertising campaign. I work for the P.R. section of a major manufacturer of electrical appliances, and at the time I was in charge of publicity for a co\'f6\loch\f63 
rdinated line of kitchen equipm\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ent, which was schedu\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 led to go on the market in time for the autumn-wedding and winter-bonus seasons. My job was to negotiate with several women\hich\f63 
\rquote \loch\f63 s magazines for tie-in articles\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 not the kind of work that takes a great deal of intelligence, but I had to see to it that the artic\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 les they wrote didn\hich\f63 \rquote 
\loch\f63 t smack of advertising. When magazines gave us publicity, we rewarded them by placing ads in their pages. They scratched our backs, we scratched theirs.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 As an editor of a magazine for young housewives, she had come to the party for mate\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 rial for one of these \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 articles.\'94\loch\f63 
 I happened to be in charge of showing her around, pointing out the features of the colorful refrigerators and coffeemakers and microwave ovens and juicers that a famous Italian designer had done for us.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 The most important point is unity,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  I explained. \'93\loch\f63 
Even the most beautifully designed item dies if it is out of balance with its surroundings. Unity of design, unity of color, unity of function: this is what today\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s kit-chin needs above all else. Research
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  tells us that a ho\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
usewife spends the largest part of her day in the kit-chin. The kit-chin is her workplace, her study, her living room. Which is why she does all she can to make the kit-chin a pleasant place to be. It has nothing to do with size. Whether it\hich\f63 
\rquote \loch\f63 s large or sma\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
ll, one fundamental principle governs every successful kit-chin, and that principle is unity. This is the concept underlying the design of our new series. Look at this cooktop, for example. . . .\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 She nodded and scribbled things in a small notebook, but it\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
 was obvious that she had little interest in the material, nor did I have any personal stake in our new cooktop. Both of us were doing our jobs.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 You know a lot about kitchens,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  she said when I was finished. She used the Japanese word, without picking up on \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 kit-chin.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 That\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 s what I do for a living,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  I answered with a professional smile. \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
Aside from that, though, I do like to cook. Nothing fancy, but I cook for myself every day.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 Still, I wonder if unity is all that necessary for a kitchen.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 We say \hich\f63 \lquote \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 kit-chin,\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63  \'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  I advised her. \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
No big deal, but the company wants us to use the English.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 Oh. Sorry. But still, I wonder. Is unity so important for a kit-chin? What do you think?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 My personal opinion? That doesn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 t come out until I take my necktie off,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  I said with a grin. \'93\loch\f63 But today I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
ll make an exception. A kitchen probably does need a few things more than it needs unity. But those other elements are things you can\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t sell. And in\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  this pragmatic world of ours, things you can
\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t sell don\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 t count for much.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 Is the world such a pragmatic place?\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I took out a cigarette and lit it with my lighter.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 I don\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t know\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 \hich\f63 the word just popped out,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  I said. \'93\loch\f63 
But it explains a lot. It makes work easier, too. You can play games with it, make up neat expressions: \hich\f63 \lquote \loch\f63 essentially pragmatic,\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63  or \hich\f63 \lquote \loch\f63 pragmatic in essence.\hich\f63 \rquote 
\loch\f63  If you look at things that way, you avoid all kin\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 ds of complicated problems.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 What an interesting view!\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 Not really. It\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s what everybody thinks. Oh, by the way, we\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 ve got some pretty good champagne. Care to have some?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 Thanks. I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 d love to.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 As we chatted over champagne, we realized we had several m\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
utual acquaintances. Since our part of the business world was not a very big pond, if you tossed in a few pebbles one or two were bound to hit a mutual acquaintance. In addition, she and my kid sister happened to have graduated from the same university. W
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ith markers like this to follow, our conversation went along smoothly.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 She was unmarried, and so was I. She was twenty-six, and I was thirty-one. She wore contact lenses, and I wore glasses. She praised my necktie, and I praised her jacket. We compared ren\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
ts and complained about our jobs and salaries. In other words, we were beginning to like each other. She was an attractive woman, and not at all pushy. I stood there talking with her for a full twenty minutes, unable to discover a single reason not to thi
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 nk well of her.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 As the party was breaking up, I invited her to join me in the hotel\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s cocktail lounge, where we settled in to continue our conversation. A soundless rain went on falling outside the lounge
\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s panoramic window, the lights of the city sending \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
blurry messages through the mist. A damp hush held sway over the nearly empty cocktail lounge. She ordered a frozen Daiquiri and I had a Scotch-on-the-rocks.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
Sipping our drinks, we carried on the kind of conversation that a man and woman have in a bar when they have just met and are beginning to like each other. We talked about our college days, our tastes in music, sports, our daily routines.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ADVERTISEMENT
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 Then I told her about the elephant. Exactly how this happened, I can\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t recall. Maybe we were talki\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
ng about something having to do with animals, and that was the connection. Or maybe, unconsciously, I had been looking for someone\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 a good listener\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
to whom I could present my own, unique view on the elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s disappearance. Or, then again, it might have b\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 een the liquor that got me talking.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 In any case, the second the words left my mouth, I knew that I had brought up one of the least suitable topics I could have found for this occasion. No, I should never have mentioned the elephant. The topic was\hich\f63 
\emdash \loch\f63 what?\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 too\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  complete, too closed.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
I tried to hurry on to something else, but, as luck would have it, she was more interested than most in the case of the vanishing elephant, and once I admitted that I had seen the elephant many times she showered me with questions\hich\f63 \emdash 
\loch\f63 what kind of elephant wa\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 s it, how did I think it had escaped, what did it eat, wasn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t it a danger to the community, and so forth.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I told her nothing more than what everybody knew from the news, but she seemed to sense constraint in my tone of voice. I had \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 never been good at telling lies.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 As if she had not noticed anything strange about my behavior, she sipped her second Daiquiri and asked, \'93\loch\f63 Weren\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t you shocked when the elephant disappeared? It\hich\f63 
\rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 s not the kind of thing that somebody could have predicted.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 No, probably not,\'94\loch\f63  I said. I took a pretzel from the mound in the glass dish on our table, snapped it in two, and ate half. The waiter replaced our ashtray with an empty one.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 She looked at me expectantly. I took out another cigarette and lit it. I had quit smoking three years earlier but \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 had begun again when the elephant disappeared.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 Why \hich\f63 \lquote \loch\f63 probably not\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 ? You mean you could have predicted it?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 No, of course I couldn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 t have predicted it,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  I said with a smile. \'93\loch\f63 For an elephant to disappear all of a sudden one day\hich\f63 
\emdash \loch\f63 there\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s no precedent, no need, for such a thing to happen. It doesn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 t make any logical sense.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 But still, your answer was very strange. When I said, \hich\f63 \lquote \loch\f63 It\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s not the kind of thing that somebody could have predicted,\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
 you said, \hich\f63 \lquote \loch\f63 No, probably not.\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63  Most people would have said, \hich\f63 \lquote \loch\f63 You\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 re\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  right,\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63  or 
\hich\f63 \lquote \loch\f63 Yeah, it\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s weird,\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63  or something. See what I mean?\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I sent a vague nod in her direction and raised my hand to call the waiter. A kind of tentative silence took hold as I waited for him to bring me my next Scotch.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 m finding this a little hard to grasp,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  she said softly. \'93\loch\f63 
You were carrying on a perfectly normal conversation with me until a couple of minutes ago\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 at least until the subject of the elephant came up. Then something funny happened. I can\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t understand y
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ou anymore. Something\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s wrong.\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63  Is it the elephant? Or are my ears playing tricks on me?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 There\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 s nothing wrong with your ears,\'94\loch\f63  I said.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 So then it\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s you. The problem\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 s with you.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I stuck my finger in my glass and stirred the ice. I like the sound of ice in a whiskey glass.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 I wouldn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t call it a \hich\f63 \lquote \loch\f63 problem,\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63  exactly. It\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s not that big a deal. I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
m not hiding anything. I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 m just not sure I can talk about it very well, so I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 m trying not to say anything at all. But you\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 re right\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 it\hich\f63 
\rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 s very strange.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 What do you mean?\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 It was no use: I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 d \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 have to tell her the story. I took one gulp of whiskey and started.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 The thing is, I was probably the last one to see the elephant before it disappeared. I saw it after seven o\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
clock on the evening of May 17th, and they noticed it was gone on the afternoon of the eighteenth. Nobody saw it in between, because they lock the\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63  elephant house at six.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 I don\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 t get it. If they closed the house at six, how did you see it after seven?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 There\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s a kind of cliff behind the elephant house. A steep hill on private property, with no real roads. There\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s one spot, on the back of the hill, where you can see into the elephant house. I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 m probably the only one who knows about it.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I had found the spot purely by chance. Strolling through the area one Sunday afternoon, I had lost my way and come out at the top of the cliff. I found a little flat open patch, just big e\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
nough for a person to stretch out in, and when I looked down through the bushes there was the elephant-house roof. Below the edge of the roof was a fairly large vent opening, and through it I had a clear view of the inside of the elephant house.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I made it a habit after that to visit the place every now and then to look at the elephant when it was inside the house. If anyone had asked me why I bothered doing such a thing I wouldn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
t have had a decent answer. I simply enjoyed watching the elephant d\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 uring its \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 private time. There was nothing more to it than that. I couldn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
t see the elephant when the house was dark inside, of course, but in the early hours of the evening the keeper would have the lights on the whole time he was taking care of the elephant, which\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
 enabled me to study the scene in detail.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ADVERTISEMENT
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 What struck me immediately when I saw the elephant and keeper alone together was the obvious liking they had for each other\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
something they never displayed when they were out before the public. Their \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
affection was evident in every gesture. It almost seemed as if they stored away their emotions during the day, taking care not to let anyone notice them, and took them out at night when they could be alone. Which is not to say that they did anything diffe
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
rent when they were by themselves inside. The elephant just stood there, as blank as ever, and the keeper would perform those tasks one would normally expect him to do as a keeper: scrubbing down the elephant with a deck broom, picking up the elephant
\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s e\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 no\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
rmous droppings, cleaning up after the elephant ate. But there was no way to mistake the special warmth, the sense of trust between them. While the keeper swept the floor, the elephant would wave its trunk and pat the keeper\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s back. I liked to watch the e\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 lephant doing that.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 Have you always been fond of elephants?\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  she asked. \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 I mean, not just that particular elephant?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 Hmm . . . come to think of it, I do like elephants,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  I said. \'93\loch\f63 There\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s something about them that excites me. I guess I\hich\f63 \rquote 
\loch\f63 ve always liked th\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 em. I wonder why.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 And that day, too, after the sun went down, I suppose you were up on the hill by yourself, looking at the elephant. May\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 \hich\f63 what day was it?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 The seventeenth. May 17th at 7 p.m. The days were already very long by then, and the sky had a reddish glow, but the lights were on in the elephant house.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 And was there anything unusual about the elephant or the keeper?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 Well, there was and there wasn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t. I can\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t say exactly. It\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s not as if they were standing right in front of me. I\hich\f63 
\rquote \loch\f63 m probably n\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 ot the most reliable witness.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 What did happen, exactly?\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 I took a swallow of my now somewhat watery Scotch. The rain outside the windows was still coming down, no stronger or weaker than before, a static element in a landscape that would never change.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 Nothing happened, really. The elephant and the keeper were doing what they always did\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 cleaning, eating, playing around with each other in that friendly way of theirs. It wasn
\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t what they did that was different. It\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s the way they looked. Something about t\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 he balance between them.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 The balance?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 In size. Of their bodies. The elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s and the keeper\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 
s. The balance seemed to have changed somewhat. I had the feeling that to some extent the difference between them had shrunk.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 She kept her gaze fixed on he\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 r Daiquiri glass for a time. I could see that the ice had melted and the water was working its way through the cocktail like a tiny ocean current.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 Meaning that the elephant had gotten smaller?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 Or the keeper had gotten bigger. Or both simultaneously.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 And you didn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 t tell this to the police?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 No, of course not,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  I said. \'93\loch\f63 I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 m sure they wouldn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
t have believed me. And if I had told them I was watching the elephant from the cliff at a time like that I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 d have ended up as their Number One suspect.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 Still\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 , are you certain that the balance between them had changed?\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 Probably. I can only say \hich\f63 \lquote \loch\f63 probably.\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63  I don\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
t have any proof, and, as I keep saying, I was looking at them through the air vent. But I had looked at them like that I don\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 t know how many times before, so it\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s hard for me to believe that I could make a mist\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 ake about something as basic as the relation of their sizes.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 In fact, I had wondered at the time whether my eyes were playing tricks on me. I had tried closing and opening them and shaking my \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 head, but the elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s size remained the same. It definitely looked as if it had shrunk\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 so much so that at first I thought the town might have got hold of a new, smaller elephant. But I hadn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
t heard anything to that effect, and I would never have missed\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
 any news reports about elephants. If this was not a new elephant, the only possible conclusion was that the old elephant had, for one reason or another, shrunk. As I watched, it became obvious to me that this smaller elephant had all the same gestures as
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  t\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 he old one. It would stamp happily on the ground with its right foot while it was being washed, and with its now somewhat narrower trunk it would pat the keeper on the back.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 It was a mysterious sight. Looking through the vent, I had the feeling that a different, chilling kind of time was flowing through the elephant house\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
but nowhere else. And it seemed to me, too, that the elephant and the keeper were gladly giving themselve\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 s over to this new order that was trying to envelop them\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 or that had already parti
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ally succeeded in enveloping them.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 Altogether, I was probably watching the scene in the elephant house for less than half an hour. The lights went out at seven-thirty\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 much earlier than usual\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
and, from that point on, everything was wrapped in darkness. I waited in my spot, hoping that the l\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ights would go on again, but they never did. That was the last I saw of the elephant.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 So, then, you believe that the elephant kept shrinking until it was small enough to escape through the bars, or else that it simply d\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63 
issolved into nothingness. Is that it?\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 ADVERTISEMENT
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 I don\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 t know,\'94\loch\f63 \hich\f63  I said. \'93\loch\f63 All I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
m trying to do is recall what I saw with my own eyes, as accurately as possible. I\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 m hardly thinking about what happened after that. The visual image I have is so strong that, to be honest, it\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s practically impossible for me\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63  to go beyond it.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 That was all I could say about the elephant\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
s disappearance. And, just as I had feared, the story of the elephant was too particular, too complete in itself to work as a topic of conversation between a young man and woman who had just me\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
t. A silence descended upon us after I had finished my tale. What subject could either of us bring up after a story about an elephant that had vanished\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 
a story that offered virtually no openings for further discussion? She ran her finger around the edge o\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
f her cocktail glass, and I sat there reading and rereading the words stamped on my coaster. I never should have told her about the elephant. It was not the kind of story you could tell freely to anyone.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 When I was a little girl, our cat disappeared,\'94\loch\f63  she\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 \hich\f63  offered after a long silence. \'93\loch\f63 
But still, for a cat to disappear and for an elephant to disappear\hich\f63 \emdash \loch\f63 \hich\f63 those are two different stories.\'94
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 Yeah, really. There\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 \hich\f63 s no comparison. Think of the size difference.\'94
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
Thirty minutes later, we were saying goodbye outside the hotel. She suddenly remembered that she had left her umbrella in the cocktail lounge, so I went up in the elevator and brought it down to her. It was a brick-red umbrella with a large handle.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 Thanks,\'94\loch\f63  she said.
\par 
\par \loch\af63\dbch\af31505\hich\f63 \'93\loch\f63 \hich\f63 Good night,\'94\loch\f63  I said.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 That was the l\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
ast time I saw her. We talked once on the phone after that, about some details in her tie-in article. While we spoke, I thought seriously about inviting her out for dinner, but I ended up not doing it. It just didn\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 
t seem to matter one way or the other.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
I felt like this a lot after my experience with the vanishing elephant. I would begin to think I wanted to do something, but then I would become incapable of distinguishing between the probable results of doing it and of not doing it. I often get the feel
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 in\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 
g that things around me have lost their proper balance, though it could be that my perceptions are playing tricks on me. Some kind of balance inside me has broken down since the elephant affair, and maybe that causes external phenomena to strike my eye in
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63  a strange way. It\hich\f63 \rquote \loch\f63 s probably something in me.
\par 
\par \hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 The papers print almost nothing about the elephant anymore. People seem to have forgotten that their town once owned an elephant. The grass that took over the elephant enclosure has withered now, and the area 
\hich\af63\dbch\af31505\loch\f63 has the feel of winter. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af43\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 \f43\fs56\insrsid11822390\charrsid11822390 \loch\af43\dbch\af31505\hich\f43 \u9830\'3f}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs56 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f63\fs56\insrsid8660784\charrsid11822390 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax376\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Link;}}{\*\datastore 01050000
02000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000e0ea
8fa3d9ddd901feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}