{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f384\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f386\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f390\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f391\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f421\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}
{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}
{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs22\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid143922\rsid5721466\rsid6252275}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info
{\operator Sandeep Pandilla}{\creatim\yr2023\mo9\dy6\hr11\min6}{\revtim\yr2023\mo9\dy6\hr13\min15}{\version3}{\edmins4}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords2965}{\nofchars16907}{\nofcharsws19833}{\vern77}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/20
03/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind5\viewscale60\rsidroot6252275 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6252275 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\kerning2\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs52 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs52\insrsid6252275\charrsid6252275 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Here are some potential interview questions about your experience with Azure ML and deployment:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Can you walk me through how you deployed machine learning models on Azure? What services did you use?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 You mentioned using AKS (Azure Kubernetes Service). How did you containerize your model and set up the Kubernetes cluster to serve predictions?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 What are some challenges you faced when deploying models on Azure? How did you troubleshoot issues?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 How did you monitor your deployed models to check for drift or degradation in performance? Did you set up any pipelines for retraining?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 What factors did you consider \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 when choosing blob storage to store models versus the model registry in Azure ML? What are the tradeoffs?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 You used ML Studio. What are some advantages and limitations you found with the visual drag-and-drop interface compared to writing Python code?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 How did you manage dependencies for your Python models deployed on Azure? Did you use environments, docker, or other tools?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Walk me through how you would update a deployed model with a new trained version. How did you automate this?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 How did you optimize models f\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 or performance once deployed? Anything specific to optimizing for the cloud?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 How did you set up authentication and authorization for accessing your deployed models?}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs52 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs52\insrsid143922 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs52 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs52\insrsid5721466 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid5721466 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs52 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs52\insrsid5721466\charrsid5721466 \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Section 1: General Cloud Questions
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 1. What are the different types of services offered in the cloud?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 IAAS VS PAAS VS SAAS
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 IAAS\tab PAAS\tab SAAS
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 In infrastructure as a service, you get the raw hardware from your cloud provider as a service i.e you get a server which you can configure with your own will.\tab 
Platform as a Service, gives you a platform to publish without giving the access to the underly\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ing software or OS. \tab 
You get software as a service in Azure, i.e no infrastructure, no platform, simple software that you can use without purchasing it.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 For Example: Azure VM, Amazon EC2.\tab For example: Web Apps, Mobile Apps in Azure.\tab For example: when you la\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
unch a VM on Azure, you are not buying the OS, you are basically renting it for the time you will be running that instance.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 2. What is cloud computing?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 Explanation: It is the use of servers on the internet to \'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 store\'94\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 , \'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 manage\'94\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506  and \'93
\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 process\'94\loch\f31506  data. The difference is, instead of using your own servers, you are using someone else\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s servers to do your task, paying them for the amount of time you use it for.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 3. What are the different cloud deployment models?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Following are the three cloud deployment \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 models:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Public Cloud: The infrastructure is owned by your cloud provider and the server that you are using could be a multi-tenant system.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Course Curriculum
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Microsoft Azure Architect Certification Training Course (AZ-305)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Private Cloud: The infrastructure is owned by you or your cloud provider gives you that service exclusively. For eg: Hosting your website on your servers, or hosting your website with the cloud provider on a dedicated server.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Hybrid Cloud: When you use both Public Cloud, Private Cloud t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ogether, it is called Hybrid Cloud. For Example: Using your in-house servers for confidential data, and the public cloud for hosting your company\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s public facing website. This type of setup would be a hybrid cloud.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 4. I have some private servers on my premises, also I have distributed some of my workload on the public cloud, what is this architecture called?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Virtual Private Network
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Private Cloud
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Virtual Private Cloud
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Hybrid Cloud
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Answer: D. Hybrid Cloud
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: This type of architecture would be a hy\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
brid cloud. Why? Because we are using both, the public cloud, and on premises servers i.e the private cloud. To make this hybrid architecture easy to use, wouldn\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
t it be better if your private and public cloud were all on the same network (virtually). Thi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
s is established by including your public cloud servers in a virtual private cloud, and connecting virtual cloud with your on premise servers using a VPN (Virtual Private Network).
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Apart from this Azure Interview Questions Blog, if you want to get trained \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
from professionals on this technology, you can opt for a structured training from edureka! Click below to know more.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Section 2: Basic Azure Questions and Answers for Freshers
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 5. What is Microsoft Azure and why is it used?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Explanation: As discussed above, the companies which provide the cloud service are called the Cloud Providers. There are a lot of cloud providers out there, out of them one is Microsoft Azure. It is used for accessing Microsoft\hich\f31506 \rquote 
\loch\f31506 s infrastructure for cloud.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 6. Which service in Azure is used to manage resources in Azure?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Application Insights
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Azure Resource Manager
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Azure Portal
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Log Analytics
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Answer: B Azure Resource Manager
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Azure Resource Manager is \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 used to \'93\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 manage\'94\loch\f31506 
 infrastructures which involve a no. of azure services. It can be used to deploy, manage and delete all the resources together using a simple JSON script.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 7. Which of the following web applications can be deployed with Azure?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ASP.NET
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 PHP
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 WCF
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 All of the mentioned
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Answer: D All of the mentioned
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Microsoft also has released SDKs for both Java and Ruby to allow applications written in those languages to place calls to the Azure Service Platform API to the AppFabric Service.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 You ca\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n learn more from the Azure cloud engineer certification
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Section 3: Azure Interview Questions and Answers for Experienced Professional
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 8. What are Roles and why do we use them?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Roles are nothing servers in layman terms. These servers are managed, load balanced, Platform as a Service virtual machines that work together to achieve a common goal.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 There are 3 types of roles in Microsoft Azure:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Cloud Computing Training
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Web Role
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Worker Role
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 VM  Role
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Let\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s discuss each of these roles in detail:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Web Role \hich\f31506 \endash \loch\f31506 
 A web role is basically used to deploy a website, using languages supported by the IIS platform like, PHP, .NET etc. It is configured and customized to run web applications.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Worker Role \hich\f31506 \endash \loch\f31506  A worker role is more like an help to the Web role, it used to execute background processes unlike the Web Role which is used to deploy the website.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 VM Role \hich\f31506 \endash \loch\f31506  The VM role is used by a user to schedule tasks and other windows services. This role can be used to customi\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ze the machines on which the web and worker role is running.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 9. A _________ role is a virtual machine instance running Microsoft IIS Web server that can accept and respond to HTTP or HTTPS requests.
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Web
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Server
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Worker
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Client
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Answer: A. Web 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: The answer should be Web Roles, there are no roles such as Server or Client roles. Also, Worker roles can only communicate with Azure Storage or through direct connections to clients.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Apart from this Azure Interview Questions Blog, if you want to get traine\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
d from professionals on this technology, you can opt for a structured training from edureka! Click below to know more.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 10. Is it possible to create a Virtual Machine using Azure Resource Manager in a Virtual Network that was created using classic deployment?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: This is not supported. You cannot use Azure Resource Manager to deploy a virtual machine into a virtual network that was created using classic deployment.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 11. What are virtual machine scale sets in Azure?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Virtual machine scal\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
e sets are Azure compute resource that you can use to deploy and manage a set of identical VMs. With all the VMs configured the same, scale sets are designed to support true autoscale, and no pre-provisioning of VMs is required. So it\hich\f31506 \rquote 
\loch\f31506 s easier to build la\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 rge-scale services that target big compute, big data, and containerized workloads.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 12. Are data disks supported within scale sets?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Yes. A scale set can define an attached data disk configuration that applies to all VMs in the set. Other options for storing data include:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Azure files (SMB shared drives)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 OS drive
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Temp drive (local, not backed by Azure Storage)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Azure data service (for example, Azure tables, Azure blobs)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 External data service (for example, remote database)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 13. What is an Availability Set?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: An availability set is a logical grouping of VMs that allows Azure to understand how your application is built\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
 to provide redundancy and availability. It is recommended that two or more VMs are created within an availability set to provide for a highly available application and to meet the 99.95% Azure SLA. When a single VM is used with Azure Premium Storage, the
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  Azure SLA applies for unplanned maintenance events.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Apart from this Azure Interview Questions Blog, if you want to get trained from professionals on this technology, you can opt for a structured training from edureka! Click below to know more.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 14. What a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 re Fault Domains?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Explanation: A fault domain is a logical group of underlying hardware that share a common power source and network switch, similar to a rack within an on-premise data-centers. As you create VMs within an availability set, the Azure platform automatically 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 distributes your VMs across these fault domains. This approach limits the impact of potential physical hardware failures, network outages, or power interruptions.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 15. What are Update Domains?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: An update domain is a logical gro\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
up of underlying hardware that can undergo maintenance or can be rebooted at the same time. As you create VMs within an availability set, the Azure platform automatically distributes your VMs across these update domains. This approach ensures that at leas
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
t one instance of your application always remains running as the Azure platform undergoes periodic maintenance. The order of update domains being rebooted may not proceed sequentially during planned maintenance, but only one update domain is rebooted at a
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ime.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Course Curriculum
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Microsoft Azure Architect Certification Training Course (AZ-305)
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Weekday / Weekend Batches
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 16. What are Network Security Groups?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Explanation: A network security group (NSG) contains a list of Access Control List (ACL) rules that allow or deny network traffic to subnets, NICs, or both. NSGs can be associated with either subnets or individual NICs connected to a subnet. When an NSG i
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 s associated with a subnet, the ACL rules apply to all the VMs in that subnet. In addition, traffic to a\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
n individual NIC can be restricted by associating an NSG directly to a NIC.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 17. Do scale sets work with Azure availability sets?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Explanation: Yes. A scale set is an implicit availability set with 5 fault domains and 5 update domains. Scale sets of more than 100 VMs span multiple placement groups, which are equivalent to multiple availability sets. An availability set of VMs can exi
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 st in the same virtual network as a scale set of VMs. A common configuration is to put control node VMs (which often require un\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ique configuration) in an availability set and put data nodes in the scale set.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Want to upskill yourself to get ahead in your career? Check out this video
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Here are the Top 10 Technologies to Learn in 2023 | Edureka
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 18. What is a break-fix issue?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 Explanation: Technical problems are called break-fix issue, it is an industry term which refers to \'93\loch\f31506 
work involved in supporting a technology when it fails in the normal course of its function, which requires intervention by a support organization to be re\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 stored to working order\'94.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 19. Why is Azure Active Directory used?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Azure Active Directory is an Identity and Access Management system. It is used to gra\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
nt access to your employees to specific products and services in your network. For example: Salesforce.com, twitter etc. Azure AD has some in-built support for applications in its gallery which can be added directly.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 20. What happens when you exhaust the maximum failed attempts for authenticating yourself via Azure AD?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: We use a more sophisticated strategy to lock accounts. This is based on the IP address of the request and the passwords entered. The duration of the lockout also increases based
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  on the likelihood that it is an attack.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 21. Where can I find a list of applications that are pre-integrated with Azure AD and their capabilities?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Explanation: Azure AD has around 2600 pre-integrated applications. All pre-integrated applications support single sign-on (SSO). SSO let you use your organizational credentials to access your apps. Some of the applications also support automated provision
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ing and de-provisioning.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Apart from this Azure Interview Questions Blog, if you want to get trained from pro\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
fessionals on this technology, you can opt for a structured training from edureka! Click below to know more.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 22. How can I use applications with Azure AD that I\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 m using on-premises?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Explanation: Azure AD gives you an easy and secure way to connect to the web applications you choose. You can access these applications in the same way you access your SaaS apps in Azure AD, no need for a VPN to change your network infrastructure.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 23. What is Azure Service Fabric?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Azure Service Fabric is a distrib\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
uted systems platform that makes it easy to package, deploy, and manage scalable and reliable micro-services. Service Fabric also addresses the significant challenges in developing and managing cloud applications. Developers and administrators can avoid c
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
omplex infrastructure problems and focus on implementing mission-critical, demanding workloads that are scalable, reliable, and manageable. Service Fabric represents the next-generation middleware platform for building and managing these enterprise-class,
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  t\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ier-1, cloud-scale applications.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 24. What is a VNet?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: VNet is a representation of your own network in the cloud. It logically isolates your instances launched in the cloud, from the rest of your resources.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 25. What are the differences between Subscription Administrator and Directory Administrator?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: By default, one is assigned the Subscription Administrator role when he/she signs up for Azure. A subscription admin can use either a Microsoft account or a work or school account from t
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
he directory that the Azure subscription is associated with. This role is authorized to manage services in the Azure portal. If others need to sign in and access services by using the same subscription, you can add them as co-admins.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Azure AD has a different set of admin roles to manage the directory and identity-related features. These admins will have access to various features in the Azure portal or the Azure classic portal. The admin
\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 s role determines what they can do, like create\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  or edit users, assign administrative roles to others, reset user passwords, manage user licenses, or manage domains.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 26. Are there any scale limitations for customers using managed disks?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Managed Disks eliminates the limits associated with st\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 orage accounts. However, the number of managed disks per subscription is limited to 2000 by default.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 27. What is the difference between Service Bus Queues and Storage Queues?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Explanation: The Azure Storage Queue is simple and the developer experience is quite good. It uses the local Azure Storage Emulator and debugging is made quite easy. The tooling for Azure Storage Queues allows you to easily peek at the top 32 messages and
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  if the messages are in XML or Json, you\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 re able to visualize their contents dire\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ctly from Visual Studio Furthermore, these queues can be purged of their contents, which is especially useful during development and QA efforts.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
The Azure Service Bus Queues are evolved and surrounded by many useful mechanisms that make it enterprise-worthy! They are built into the Service Bus and are able to forward messages to other Queues and Topics. They have a built-in dead-letter queue and m
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 essages have a time to live that you control, hence messages don\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t automatically disappear after 7 days.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Furth\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
ermore, Azure Service Bus Queues have the ability of deleting themselves after a configurable amount of idle time. This feature is very practical when you create Queues for each user, because if a user hasn\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 
t interacted with a Queue for the past month, it\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506  automatically gets clean it up. Its also a great way to drive costs down. You shouldn\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t have to pay for storage that you don
\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t need. These Queues are limited to a maximum of 80gb. Once you\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 ve reached this limit your application will start receiving excep\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ti
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ons.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 28. What is Azure Redis Cache?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Redis is an open source (BSD licensed), in-memory data structure store, used as a database, cache and message broker. Azure Redis Cache is based on the popular open-source Redis cache. It gives you access to a secure, dedicated Redis cache, managed by Mic
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
rosoft, and accessible from any application within Azure.  It supports data structures such as strings, hashes, lists, sets, sorted sets with range queries, bitmaps, hyperloglogs and geospatial indexes with radius queries.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Ap\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
art from this Azure Interview Questions Blog, if you want to get trained from professionals on this technology, you can opt for a structured training from edureka! Click below to know more.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 29. Why doesn\hich\f31506 \rquote \loch\f31506 t Azure Redis Cache have an MSDN class library reference like some of the other Azure services?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Explanation: Microsoft Azure Redis Cache is based on the popular open source Redis Cache and can be accessed by a wide variety of Redis clients for many programming languages. Each client has its own API that makes calls to the Redis cache instance using 
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Redis commands.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Because each client is different, there is not one centralized class reference on MSDN, and each client maintains its own reference documentation. In addition to the reference documentation, there are several tutorials showing how to get st
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
arted with Azure Redis Cache using different languages and cache clients. To access these tutorials, see How to use Azure Redis Cache and click the desired language from the language switcher at the top of the article.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 30. What are Redis databases?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Explanation: Redis Databases are just a logical separation of data within the same Redis instance. The cache memory is shared between all the databases and actual memory consumption of a given database depends on the keys/values stored in that database. F
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 or exam\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ple, a C6 cache has 53 GB of memory. You can choose to put all 53 GB into one database or you can split it up between multiple databases.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 31. Is it possible to add an existing VM to an availability set?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: No. If you want your VM to be part of an availability set, you need to create the VM within the set. There currently no way to add a VM to an availability set after it has been created.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 32. What are the username requirements when creating a VM?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Usernames can be a maximum of 20 cha\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 \hich\f31506 racters in length and cannot end in a period (\'93.\'94\loch\f31506 ).
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The following usernames are not allowed:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Prohibited Users - Azure Interview Questions - Edureka
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 33. What are the password requirements when creating a VM?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Passwords must be 12 \hich\f31506 \endash \loch\f31506  123 characters in length and meet 3 out of the following 4 complexity requirements:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Have lower characters
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Have upper characters
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Have a digit
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Have a special character (Regex match [W_])
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 The following passwords are not allowed:
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Passwords Permitted - Azure Interview \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Questions - Edureka
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Apart from this Azure Interview Questions Blog, if you want to get trained from professionals on this technology, you can opt for a structured training from edureka! Click below to know more.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 34. How much storage can I use with a virtual machine?
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Explanation: Each data disk can be up to 1 TB. The number of data disks which you can use depends on the size of the virtual machine. 
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 
Azure Managed Disks are the new and recommended disk storage offerings for use with Azure Virtual Machines for persistent storage of data. You can use multiple Managed Disks with each Virtual Machine. Managed Disks offer two types of durable storage optio
\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 ns: Premium and Standard Managed Disks.
\par 
\par \hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 Azure storage accounts ca\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\loch\f31506 n also provide storage for the operating system disk and any data disks. Each disk is a .vhd file stored as a page blob}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs52 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs52\insrsid5721466 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6252275 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs52 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs52\insrsid5721466\charrsid6252275 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax376\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Link;}}{\*\datastore 01050000
02000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000030b3
170feee0d901feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}